
Visit our GCPLAnnual & Integrated Report micrositeThis Annual & Integrated Report has been printed on eco-friendly paper.
CONTENTSIntegrated Reporting3Our Company4Board of Directors6A Message from Nisaba Godrej8In Conversation with Vivek Gambhir1001	MANAGEMENTDISCUSSION & ANALYSISOur Business Model20Risks & Opportunities22Other Disclosures26Our Strategic Pillars2702STATUTORY REPORTSBoard’s Report138Report on Corporate Governance16003FINANCIAL STATEMENTSStandalone182Consolidated241Notice of the AGM314
2
Integrated ReportingStatutory ReportsFinancial StatementsINTEGRATED REPORTINGAt Godrej Consumer Products Limited (GCPL), we have been publishing a statutory Annual Report, in line with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015; Companies Act, 2013; and Secretarial Standards. Since fiscal year 2015-16, we have also been publishing a Global Sustainability Report, which follows the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) framework. This year, we have transitioned to Integrated Reporting, in line with the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) framework.
Content of the reportThrough integrated reporting, we aim to share an overview of our financial and non-financial performance that has helped create short-term and long-term value for our stakeholders. This report provides insights on:• Material issues and our operating context• Governance structure• Our key strategies• Our approach to value creation within each of the capitals• Our performance against identified KPIs• Interconnectedness between our material issues, strategies, performance, and value creation• Financial and statutory reportsReporting periodAll information, financial and non-financial, is reported for the period from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019. For our performance on sustainability, we have also incorporated comparative figures for the previous year (fiscal year2017-18) and baseline year (fiscal year 2010-11 except for statutory financials), for a holistic view.Scope and boundaryThis report is for GCPL, including GCPL manufacturing plants in India, Africa, Indonesia, Latin America, and USA. The data and content are consolidated for the business, unless otherwise specified.
Approach to materialityRegular and meaningful conversations with our primary stakeholders have helped us identify and monitor our material issues and business risks. The GCPL Risk Committee, along with strategy and business teams, keeps a close watch on the latest trends to proactively identify and work on mitigation strategies and growth opportunities.Management committee endorsement and assuranceAt the meeting held on October 10, 2018, the GCPL Management Committee recommended that we adopt the Integrated Reporting framework for our Annual Report. The Management Committee has been involved in the process of drafting this report and fully endorses its contents.
3
OUR COMPANY
Godrej Consumer Products is a leading emerging markets company. As part of the over 122-year young Godrej Group, we are fortunate to have a proud legacy built on the strong values of trust, integrity and respect for others. At the same time, we are growing fast and have exciting, ambitious aspirations.Today, our Group enjoys the patronage of 1.15 billion consumers globally, across different businesses. In line with our 3 by 3 approach to international expansion at Godrej Consumer Products, we are building a presence in three emerging markets (Asia, Africa and Latin America) across three categories (home care, personal care and hair care).
We rank among the largest household insecticide and hair care players in emerging markets. In household insecticides, we are the leader in India and Indonesia and are expanding our footprint in Africa. We are the leader in serving the hair care needs of women of African descent, the number one player in hair colour in India and Sub Saharan Africa, and among the leading players in Latin America. We rank number two in soaps in India, are the number one player in air fresheners in India and Indonesia, and a leader in wet tissues in Indonesia.But for us, it is very important that besides our strong financial performance and innovative, much-loved products,
4
Our CompanyStatutory ReportsFinancial Statementswe remain a good company. Approximately 23 per cent of the promoter holding in the Godrej Group is held in trusts that invest in the environment, health and education. We are also bringing together our passion and purpose to make a difference through our Good & Green approach to create a more inclusive and greener India.At the heart of all of this, is our talented team. We take much pride in fostering an inspiring workplace, with an agile and high-performance culture. We are also deeply committed to recognising and valuing diversity across our teams.5
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Board Committees
Nisaba GodrejExecutive ChairpersonAdi GodrejChairman EmeritusVivek Gambhir Managing Director & CEO  
Nadir GodrejNon-Executive Director Tanya DubashNon-Executive DirectorPirojsha GodrejNon-Executive Director

    Nomination and Remuneration Committee Audit Committee    Risk Management CommitteeCSR Committee    Stakeholders Relationship Committee      Chairman6
Jamshyd N GodrejNon-Executive Director
Board of DirectorsStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Pippa Tubman ArmerdingIndependent Director Narendra AmbwaniIndependent Director 	Bharat DoshiIndependent Director Omkar GoswamiIndependent Director	 
Aman MehtaIndependent Director Ndidi NwuneliIndependent DirectorIreena VittalIndependent Director Sumeet NarangIndependent Director* * Effective April 1, 2019
1 .,,.
A message from Nisaba GodrejStatutory ReportsFinancial StatementsA MESSAGE FROM NISABA GODREJ
Dear shareholders,I am pleased to share with you, our first integrated and annual report. It details our strategic approach and how we aim to create sustainable value for all our stakeholders.You can read more about this, and the resultant outcomes and impact, in the subsequent sections. We will continue to adhere to strong standards of governance and provide you with updates on our company and performance, both through this report and other forums.At GCPL, we are very inspired and excited by our purpose of bringing the goodness of health and beauty to consumers in emerging markets. This is what guides our choices aswe build a leading FMCG player in Asia, Africa and Latin America. We believe there is tremendous opportunity to leverage our global category insights and unique multi-local approach to create long-term growth in the countries where we do business. More importantly, we can do so while helping solve significant global problems, including protecting consumers from vector borne diseases. We are fortunateto draw from the incredible 122-year legacy of the Godrej Group, deeply rooted in sustainability and giving back to our communities. We are taking this forward by creating shared value through our Good & Green commitments.Fiscal year 2018-19 was a mixed bag. While we continued to put strong building blocks in place for the future through investments in innovation, people and digital, our overall performance fell short of our aspirations. We are taking a number of corrective actions to address this in the months ahead. Our teams are deeply committed to driving theseefforts. They continue to show admirable resilience and agility in responding to the macroeconomic challenges in many of our geographies. I am confident that together, we will deliver a stronger fiscal year 2019-20.
We are ramping up our innovation pipeline and finding new and exciting ways to delight our consumers with differentiated, superior quality and affordable products. Design thinking is core to our approach and we are using empathy, rapid prototyping and visualisation to reimagine our brands and portfolios.Alongside this, we are building capabilities in Research & Development and Design, and collaborating withdifferent global partners to tap into emerging, cutting-edge technologies. Through advanced analytics and digital, we are transforming our approach to marketing, go-to-market and supply chain, and becoming more future-ready.The Godrej Way (which is what we call our values) is at the heart of all that we do. This is our most powerful and differentiated asset; it is what grounds us and makes us who we are. We will continue to use this as our culturalcornerstone, and you will continue to see it reflected as we grow and evolve as a company.This message would not be complete without a big thank you to our passionate team members across the globe, who are building a stronger, more purposeful GCPL every day.To all our customers, business partners, shareholders, investors and communities, my sincere gratitude for your trust and support through the years. At Godrej, we often say that we are only as good as what we do next. So, I look forward to your continued partnership as we craft the best years of GCPL.Nisaba GodrejExecutive Chairperson

IN CONVERSATION WITH VIVEK GAMBHIR
Tell us about the GCPL purpose and why this is important.At GCPL, we are united and inspired by our sharedpurpose of ‘Bringing the goodness of health and beauty to consumers in emerging markets’. Together with our values of Trust, Be Bold, Own It, Create Delight, Be Humble andShow Respect, this makes up ‘The Godrej Way’ - the cultural cornerstone that guides our choices and actions. It defines why we exist as a company, how we add value and how we bring meaning to what we do.There is a perceptible shift today in what our employees, customers and investors expect from us as a business. Of course, we must meet growth targets and objectives, but more importantly, we must do so while ensuring we do good for our communities and the environment – placing people and planet alongside profit, as we say at Godrej.People want to work at companies where they find meaning and are making a difference, while also growing in their careers. Consumers want great quality and affordable prices, but they also want to spend on brands that are committed to larger causes. Investors are increasingly seeing more stable, long-term returns associated with companies with holistic, responsible world views.As we get larger and more global, we need to ensure that current and future generations of Godrejites fully embrace and live our distinctive purpose and values. So,our leadership team is spending a lot of time reflecting on how to become more deliberate in defining and embedding our purpose in our choices and actions. You will continue to see this translate into how we craft our strategy, build our brands, inspire our people and give back to our communities.How has your India business performed in the last year?We continued to make good strides in becoming morepurposeful, agile, innovative and future-ready. However, in
terms of financial results, we fell short of our expectations. While we continued to deliver strong profits and increased profit margins to industry leading levels, it was a challenging year for top line growth. Our soaps, hair colour and air freshener categories performed relatively well. However, our largest category, Household Insecticides, was significantly impacted by a surge in illegal and unsafe mosquito incense sticks, and an unfavourable season. We are taking numerous corrective actions to recover our performance over thenext year.This has been an active year on innovations, with multiple new products launched across categories. Godrej protekt mr. magic handwash is the first ever powder-to-liquid handwash, designed to be more environmentally sustainable, while also democratising the low penetrated handwash category. We extended our Cinthol portfolio to foray into thegrowing male grooming category, with a range of multi-benefit products for the face, body, hair and beard. Through Godrej Nupur Natural Henna Based Hair Colour, we are extending our strong henna play to the herbal-based powder hair colour segment. In Goodknight, we introduced Power Chip, an electric solution infused with unique gel technology, a higher efficacy liquid vapouriser and 100 per cent natural mosquito repellent incense sticks.How has your journey been, in scaling up your presence in Africa, Middle East and the USA? Performance in our Africa, Middle East and USA cluster was a mixed bag, owing to multiple macroeconomic challenges. While overall performance was impacted by the weakness in South Africa, our West Africa and USA businesses continued to deliver strong growth and Kenya is showing good signsof recovery.Africa remains a key strategic focus, in terms of both business size today and potential for the future. We are very excited about building a leading home and personal care company, with delightfully designed, superior quality, affordable products tailored to African consumer needs. We are putting
We are democratising categories and making superior quality, delightfully designed products available at affordable prices.
a lot of building blocks in place to scale up this business. In fact, our largest investment as a company, of ?4,000 crore, is in Africa. We are confident that these focused efforts and strong on-ground execution will translate into stronger top line and bottom line growth.The acquisition of Strength of Nature in the USA catapulted us to become one of the largest global players in haircare for women of African descent. Today, this category contributes to 21 per cent of our revenues. However, it is still very underserved in product innovation and brand delight, opening up a significant opportunity for us to leverage our skills and drive global leadership.Brand building and innovation are critical priorities. Over the last year, we rolled out an extensive relaunch of our Darling brand, the leader in hair extensions in the subcontinent.We developed a new brand architecture and innovation platforms, and refreshed our communication and digital strategies to position Darling as more modern and fashion- forward. The brand metrics are looking very favourable in Kenya and Nigeria. We will continue driving focus on this relaunch to ensure pan-Africa success.We are also scaling up our Wet Hair portfolio andcross-pollinating products between our Africa and USA businesses. There is huge potential in creating this complementary portfolio, and you will continue to see a lot of exciting innovation focus here.Our investments in infrastructure, manufacturing and a focused R&D team for Africa, are key enablers of ourambitious aspirations. We are also building up an impactful employer brand, adding strong local talent and ensuring that we have the right leadership in place.
Your Indonesia business is turning around after adifficult couple of years. Tell us more about this.Our Indonesia business has picked up its growth momentum and is outperforming the industry in a tough macroeconomic environment. The team has worked on a range of levers to drive this turnaround, and responded well to the competitive intensity and challenging market conditions.It is encouraging to see the improvement in our household insecticides business, where our HIT brand, the category leader, continues to gain market share. We are driving a strong focus on brand building, ramping up our innovation pipeline and investing in marketing and trade promotion, across categories. Some of our recent launches like HIT anti roach spray, cross pollinated from India to expand our presence in Household Insecticides, and the HIT Magic Expert Piramida(a paper-based mosquito repellent) introduced to disrupt the coils segment, are being well received.The first leg of our extensive go-to-market transformation has also started showing impact. Building this backbone is a multi-year investment and critical to driving stronger performance in the years ahead.What are you doing to innovate and build new growth engines?Innovation is our lifeblood as a company. As category leaders,we must keep innovating and finding new ways to grow our categories. Especially given our emerging markets focus, we are democratising categories and making superior quality, delightfully designed products available at affordable prices. We are also pursuing attractive adjacencies and creating new vectors of growth to broaden our portfolio. At the core of this is design thinking. We are using the tools of empathy, rapid prototyping and visualisation to reimagine our brands and create new ones.

The number of new products launched annually in the last 2 years has doubled. New products launched in the last 5 years account for over 20 per cent of the India business. Innovation rates in India and Indonesia are 30 per cent and 50 per cent higher, respectively, than last year. Air Care, acategory that we launched in India in 2012, has evolved into a fourth core category for us, globally. We are now leaders in air fresheners in India and Indonesia. We are also building up a strong focus in Hair Care for women of African origin, and are among the largest global players in this category.We have an integrated platform, RIDE (Research & Development + Innovation + Design + Expertise), to streamline and expedite our innovation process. Our focused global innovation team offers design thinking strategic input for brand architecture, enables cross- pollination and sharing, and evaluates patents and new technologies in the consumer goods space.We are also investing in technology and skills. We have a state-of-the-art global Research & Development (R&D)centre at our headquarters in Mumbai, supported by local R&D centres in our different geographies. Our in-house global Design Lab integrates design thinking and transforms product capabilities. This is something that is normally outsourced in FMCG, but we believe it is very strategicto have it internally. Through our different strategic global partnerships, we are also leveraging various cutting-edge technologies and processes.How are you leveraging digital in your business? We have accelerated our focus on becoming more ‘digitally fit’. Our global digital partnerships, commitment to first-class online user experience and shift to consumer-driven content, are showing encouraging results. We are tracking a 53 per cent increase in digital reach, and cost per engagement is
2x lower than that in the previous year. Through this, and with our investments in digital infrastructure and training, we are laying strong foundations to hold us in good stead in a rapidly changing digital landscape.Our Global Digi Cell brings together digital marketers from across geographies to share ideas and learning. We also partner with other internal and external teams on digital priorities.We are leveraging relationships with global partners like Google, Facebook and Shopalyst to accelerate learning and experimentation. Last year, I joined some of our team members in immersive sessions at the Google and Facebook global headquarters and met a variety of consumer-facing start-ups to build an understanding of digital-first thinking.As part of the focus to strengthen our digital ecosystem, 70 per cent of our brand websites have been redesigned for improved consumer user experience, organic traffic and conversion. The average time spent on each site hasimproved significantly and bounce rate reduced due to more engaging content.One noteworthy initiative is the Black Hair Hub, our unbranded consumer website, dedicated to hair needs of women of African origin. It includes articles, images,and how-to videos to help and inspire and has been a big success; 6,50,000 site visits over the year, over a million page views, and 18 per cent of returning visitors. While this platform offers us the ability to talk about our brands, our focus is on gaining an unvarnished perspective onconsumers - the problems they face and the trends they are interested in. Our ambition is for it to become the number one online hair resource for women of African origin.
Our hallmark has always been our unique culture of trust, agility and empowerment.
At the Black Box, our physical digital command centre at our headquarters in Mumbai, we monitor live digital activity across our brands, respond to issues and gather consumer insights.To build up our focus on e-commerce, we have set up an e-commerce business for India with separate P&Laccountability. This structure will allow us to be more agile and deliver the consumer focus required to win. In specific, we are targeting growth from e-commerce focused product innovation and digital native brands, in addition to our current portfolio. To enable this, we have a dedicated digital team, the E-Com Cell, a team of in-country e-commerce specialists, charged with rapidly growing online sales.How are you rethinking your go-to-market approach?Emerging markets will power global consumption andgrowth over the next couple of decades. This is why we have centred our growth strategy on these markets and in particular, the emergent consuming class. As incomes rise, purchasing power improves and these markets mature, new distribution systems are enabling greater reach. To leverage this, we are ramping up our go-to-market strategy and reach across geographies.Direct distribution reach in India has improved to 1.3 million outlets. Our ‘Rural One’ focus and specific rural demand influencing programmes resulted in rural growth being over 2x of that in urban traditional trade. Middle India (citieswith a population between 1,00,000 and 10,00,000) is an emerging focus to drive higher growth. We are also focusing more intensely on outlet segmentation, shopper insights and a differential service approach for channels such as modern trade, chemists, wholesalers and cash & carry.
We are rolling out a phased go-to-market transformation in Indonesia. The first phase included streamlining and simplifying channel models, strengthening channel partnerships, improving wholesale efficiency and indirect coverage.We are also using predictive analytics for better decision- making across different initiatives. In India, this enables optimised trade spends for better returns, smaller cluster localised planning and predictive suggestions for salespeople on ground. We are trying to further optimise time spent and delivery routes through GPS-enabled maps. Across Africa, we are using hand-held devices to expand coverage and improve brand visibility. In Kenya, we have introduced sales bots for automated order booking, and in Nigeria, we are using analytics to improve cross-selling and up-selling basis previous buying patterns. In our USA business, Electronic Data Interchange helps improve connectivity with large retailers like Walmart and Target. Through our new analytics portal in Indonesia, team members can track and optimise key imperatives.Our different partner engagement programmes with distributors in India and Indonesia and salon partners in Africa are helping build stronger connect and drive common goals.Tell us about the work you are doing in next gen automation in supply chain.We are exploring a lot of exciting opportunities in Industry 4.0and making longer-term investments in next gen automation and capabilities to build a more dynamic global supply chain. We are leveraging the Internet of Things in manufacturing and logistics. We are also exploring opportunities in agile manufacturing through smart automation and robotics.Through this, we are already seeing very encouraging results in better productivity, greater accuracy, safety and efficiency.

We continue to implement best practices across geographies and are trying to become more agile in responding to constantly changing consumer demand. Given our focus on agile fulfilment, we are mapping cutting-edge replenishment practices. Our significantlyhigh fill rates for key geographies are industry benchmarks.We are also finding ways to improve the ‘freshness’ of our products, like the project on bar coding shippers in India, which has helped improve logistics and product traceability.What are some of the steps taken to strengthen the culture at GCPL?Our hallmark has always been our unique culture of trust,agility and empowerment. This is core to who we are and how we do business. Most of our international growth has been through acquisitions and, unlike traditional multinationals, we have a multi-local operating model, centred on values-based partnering and operational autonomy at the local level. This helps sustain theagile, entrepreneurial spirit that made these companies successful, while providing the benefits of processes and scale that GCPL brings. Continuing to successfully strike this balance, even as we become larger and morecomplex, is critical. We are building stronger collaboration across geography cluster and function teams through shared accountability and clearly defined ways of working.Project Nimble is a self-managed team of young leaders who work on ideas across functions to make GCPL more agile. As part of the 10xers Programme, cross-functional teams work on challenging business-critical projects in Finance, HR, Planning, Marketing and Analytics. Both are great examples of how we are engaging young leaders to take accountability and drive change.
To build a stronger culture of experimentation and idea generation, we launched ‘I Am Ardeshir’, a large-scale innovation challenge named after our founder, Ardeshir Godrej, for Godrejites and our key external partners. It was a big success and threw open several new ideas forconsideration. We are also trying to incorporate much more rapid prototyping and experimentation in how we approach different processes.What are you doing to foster a more inclusive GCPL?Becoming more diverse and inclusive is critical to realisingour ambition of being a leading multi-local FMCG player.  We are building diversity in different ways - through our businesses and teams that work across different continents, in the future-ready skills of digital, design, analytics, consumer insights, research and innovation, and how we adapt people policies and processes. We have clearlyarticulated diversity goals, which are tracked by the Diversity Council for the Godrej Group, which meets every quarter.Developing more women leaders and building equal gender representation in our teams is a key priority. Over the last few years, the percentage of women in GCPL has increased to ~26 per cent and the percentage of women in senior leadership (Vice President and above) to ~19 per cent today.We continue to review our policies and infrastructure to create a more enabling workplace for women. Through Careers 2.0, our second careers programme, we provide women who have taken a career break a chance to return to the workplace. Multiple flexible work, part-time, and work from home options help women manage time moreeffectively. Our Caregiver Travel Policy enables new mothers to bring a caregiver and children up to a year old for necessary work-related travel.
As leaders in household insecticides, we believe it is important that we partner the Government of India in the pledge to eliminate malaria by 2030.
Our commitment to diversity extends to our board of directors as well. The number of women on the GCPL board has increased from one in 2007 to five today. We are very proud that along with Godrej Agrovet, GCPL has the most women directors in any Indian listed company.We see tremendous opportunity in leveraging cultural diversity as we build up our business in Sub Saharan Africa. We have set up a separate Diversity Champions Council, specific to the subcontinent, that spearheads targeted interactive sessions to build appreciation and awareness.Our well-defined equal opportunity policy and a gender neutral anti-harassment policy protect the rights of our lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer and intersex (LGBTQI) team members. We have extended medical benefits like hospitalisation cover to domestic partners of Godrejites. This also covers same sex dependents, AIDS patients and fertility treatments. Our adoption policy is designed with a gender neutral primary caregiver in mind.We recently introduced a Gender Affirmation Policy for our team members who wish to undergo gender transition. We are also reviewing amenities and infrastructure facilities for LGBTQI team members. In December 2018, we launched a ‘Manifesto for Trans Inclusion in the Indian Workplace’. Through this, we aim to bring to light the position and circumstances of trans people in Indian society, and how corporate India can take action to better them.GCPL has always had a strong sustainability focus. What are you doing to enhance this?We are fortunate to be part of the Godrej Group, with astrong legacy of actively championing social responsibility and being deeply committed to driving social progress in our communities. Through ‘Godrej Good & Green’ we are
playing our part in creating a more inclusive and greener planet. This is guided by our ‘shared value’ approach which links business success to social progress.We have aligned our sustainability initiatives with the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals, the Government of India’s social development priorities, and the needs of our local communities. Our CSR Committee regularly reviews and provides strategic inputs on these programmes.Skilling youth is high on our agenda. We collaborate with non-profit organisations and social enterprises onemployability training programmes in beauty and hair care for young people from low-income communities. Since fiscal year 2013, we have trained 3,05,101 youth in India and Kenya in skills that will enhance their earning potential.An independent impact assessment of Salon-i, our flagship vocational training programme for women in hair and beauty, showed that over half our trainees take up employmentand over a quarter work from home in beauty-related trades. The Social Return on Investment (SROI) study of our Beautypreneur programme on beauty and wellness entrepreneurship for women, measured an overall social return of ?6.46 on the programme for every rupee invested.Environmental sustainability is key to our manufacturing processes and supply chain. We are implementing several initiatives to reduce specific energy and water consumption across our manufacturing locations. We have also set targets for improvement on environmental aspects, including achieving zero waste to landfill and carbon neutrality.In addition to these Green targets, we have identified sustainable packaging targets for our India business. By fiscal year 2025, we aim to reduce packaging consumption per unit of production by 20 per cent, have 100 per cent of packaging material as recyclable, reusable, recoverable or

compostable, and use at least 10 per cent post-consumer recycled content in plastic packaging.Our efforts on solid waste management extend beyond our manufacturing plants and immediate areas of operations, to include local communities. We are partnering withlocal municipal corporations and commissioning multiple community waste management projects across India.To ensure that our sustainability commitments extend across the value chain, we collaborate closely with our partners to drive sustainable practices across their businesses as well. All GCPL suppliers are required toalign with our sustainable procurement policy. This draws from internationally recognised standards and detailsour partnership expectations around integrity, human rights, health and safety, environmental sustainability and community development.As leaders in household insecticides, we believe it is important that we partner the Government of India in the pledge to eliminate malaria by 2030. In 2016, we launched Project EMBED (Elimination of Mosquito Borne Endemic Diseases) to improve the knowledge and awareness of communities through behaviour change campaigns and empower them to take charge of their own protection.EMBED currently addresses 45 per cent of the malaria burden in Madhya Pradhesh, a state with one of the highest burdens of malaria in India. The programme is spread across nine districts, 3,000 villages, 7 lakh households, and 35 lakh people. Our internal data suggests that in Phase 1 districts, between 2015 and 2017, there has been a 70-86 per cent decrease in the Annual Parasitic Index (API) in intervention villages, as compared to a 40-50 per cent decrease in API in non-intervention villages.
What do you think you could have done better last year?We remain steadfast in our journey to be a leading FMCGplayer in emerging markets and to delight our consumers with affordable, high-quality and innovative products. This year too, we continued to make good progress in putting many of the necessary building blocks in place. However, our top line growth in India in the second half of the year was below our expectations. In Africa, we need to do better to drive more sustainable and consistent profitable growth. In Latin America, we need to get more agile in navigating the challenging environment. The potential of our portfolio remains very exciting and the opportunities are tremendous. We now need to ensure that we can fire on all cylinders.What are your key priorities for the year ahead?We are committed to driving five key priorities to try to become better as an organisation in our journey to become a leading emerging markets focused multi-local FMCG player:1. Reinvigorate top line and volume led growth and deliver sustained profitable growth2. Step up our efforts on disruptive innovations3. Instil a deeper sense of purpose in our brands and ways of working4. Better leverage the power of digital5. Sharpen our focus on developing and inspiring our key talent

MANAGEMENTDISCUSSION & ANALYSISI. Our Business Model	20II. Risks & Opportunities	22III. Other Disclosures	26IV. Our Strategic Pillars	27
OUR BUSINESS MODEL
INPUTS
BUSINESS PROCESS
	20
MD&A | Our Business ModelStatutory ReportsFinancial StatementsOUTPUTS

MATERIAL ASPECTSPolitical economy in geographies of operationHuman capitalSupply chain
RISKS• Macroeconomic factors• Exchange rate volatility• Devaluation of local currency• Political instability• Compliance and regulatory changes• Emerging regulations• Inflation• Labour shortages due to industrial disputes and attrition of key staff• Talent attraction and retention• Labour intensive product portfolios in some geographies• Inadequate planning in procuring raw material• Inability to deliver material to the customer as per agreed delivery dates
	

OPPORTUNITIESOur focus is to build leadership in three categories (home care, hair care and personal care) and in 3 emerging geographies (Asia, Africa and Latin America). Our Risk Committee, along with regional business and finance teams, closely monitors the political economy of each geography to respond and adapt to emerging situations. Our globalisation strategy (called ‘3 by 3’) has been very deliberate. Guided by this, over the last decade, we have created significant value through M&A and established strong beachheads.We take much pride in fostering an inspiring workplace with an agile and high-performance culture to attract, develop and retain the best global talent.We have adopted best-in-class, globally-acclaimed people policies and processes, which celebrate diversity and inclusion.Our focus in manufacturing and supply chain is on becoming future-ready. We are exploring interesting opportunities through Industry 4.0 and making future-ready investments to ramp up our different processes. We have seen encouraging results in improved productivity, greater accuracy, safetyand efficiency. We continue to introduce best practices across geographies and are trying to become more agile in responding to constantly changing consumer needs. Core to our approach is how we build win-win relationships with all our partners. We partner closely to ensure capability development and alignment with our core values.
STRATEGIC PILLAR ALIGNMENT• Extending leadership in our core categories and geographies• Enhancing go-to-market• Fostering an inclusive, agile and high-performance culture• Making our supply chain best-in-class
	

MATERIAL ASPECTSSocial and environmental sustainabilityCompetitive intensity
RISKS• Environmental risks• Dependence on natural resources• Social licence to operate• Community unrest• Natural and man-made disasters• Greater aggression by competitors• Competitive market conditions and new entrants in the market• Rapidly changing digital landscape• Product pricing strategy• Dependency on a few product categories to drive sales


OPPORTUNITIESAs a Group, we have always actively championed social and environmental responsibility. We are now exploring waysto further this commitment through shared value initiatives that create value for both society and business. Further, as part of our Good & Green vision, we have established five environmental sustainability goals to be achieved by fiscal year 2020-21 to reduce our carbon footprint. Our business continuity plans are in place to address any man-made or natural disasters and ensure business as usual.We have centered our growth strategy around emerging markets and the emergent consuming class in them. As incomes rise, purchasing power improves and these markets mature; new distribution systems and the digital economy are enabling greater reach. To be able to leverage this, we are ramping up our go-to-market and digital strategies and reach to go deeper and improve penetration. Our products range across home care, hair care and personal care - household insecticides, hair colour, liquid detergents, soaps and air fresheners, hair extensions,hair care, personal wash, styling in mass and professional markets, skin care, sanitisers, sun care and female deodorants. We are the leaders in most categories in the markets we operate. We are constantly innovating to create more superior quality products at affordable prices.
STRATEGIC PILLAR ALIGNMENT• Building an inclusive and greener world• Accelerating innovation and building purposeful brands• Enhancing go-to-market• Leveraging digital

OTHER DISCLOSURESA. Key Financial RatiosConsolidated	StandaloneFY19FY18FY19FY18Debtors turnover ratio8.058.6818.5023.00Inventory turnover ratio6.526.609.309.20Interest coverage ratio *9.9113.2522.8025.00Current ratio1.201.241.121.26Debt equity ratio (including financial liabilities)0.340.410.000.00Operating profit margin (%)19.2720.1326.5924.70Net profit margin (%) **22.9116.5631.5819.02Return on networth (%) **32.2226.1135.6321.54* Consolidated interest coverage ratio has been impacted due to increase in LIBOR and depreciation of INR against USD** Variation in the ratio during the year is because the company has recognised tax credits in respect of Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT credit) of ?609.87 crore (net of ?24.71 crore of MAT credit utilised for the year ended March 31, 2019).Formulae used for calculation of the ratios
Debtors turnover ratio Inventory turnover ratio Interest coverage ratio Current ratioDebt equity ratio (including financial liabilities) Operating profit margin (%)Net profit margin (%) Return on networth (%)
Net sales/Average of opening and closing trade receivables Net sales/Average of opening and closing inventoriesProfit before interest, taxes/Finance costs Current assets/Current liabilitiesDebt (net of cash)/EquityProfit before interest, taxes and exceptional items/Net sales Profit after tax/Net salesProfit after tax/Equity
B. Internal control systems and their adequacy
We have implemented an internal control framework to ensure all assets are safeguarded and protected against loss from unauthorised use or disposition, and transactions are authorised, recorded and reported correctly. The framework includes internal controls over financial reporting, which ensures the integrity of financial statements of the company and eliminates the possibility of frauds. Our Corporate Audit & Assurance department issues well documented operating procedures and authorities with adequate built-in controls. These are carried out at the beginning of any activity and during the process, to keep track of any major changes.As part of the audits, they also review the design of key
processes, from the point of view of adequacy of controls. Periodic reports – as part of continuous monitoring – are generated to identify exceptions through data analysis.The internal controls are tested for effectiveness, across all our locations and functions by the Corporate Audit team, which is reviewed by the management from time to time, for corrective action. Controls with respect to authorisation in underlying IT systems are also reviewed periodically to ensure users have access to only those transactions thattheir roles require. Our head office in Mumbai, offices across India, and all major factories follow an Information Security Management System and are ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certified.
OUR STRATEGIC PILLARSI. Extending leadership in our core categories and geographies	28II. Accelerating innovation and building purposeful brands	46III. Leveraging digital	62IV. Enhancing go-to-market	70V. Making our supply chain best-in-class	78VI. Fostering an inclusive, agile and high-performance culture	90
VII. Building a more inclusive and greener world
108
01
Goodknight Fabric Roll-On comprises a revolutionary formula that repels mosquitoes instantly
Strategic PriorityExtending leadership in our core categories and geographiesCapitals ImpactedRisks• Macroeconomic factors• Exchange rate volatility• Competitive market conditions and new entrants to the marketEnablers• Focused 3 by 3 growth strategy• Growth potential in priority markets• Superior-quality, affordable products that provide great valueKey Focus Area• Building leadership in hair care, home care and personal care in Asia, Africa and Latin America
Value createdWe have enhanced value creation through organic and inorganic growth and in line with our 3 by 3 growth strategy. Consequently, Social & Relationship Capital, measured in leadership market positions, category penetration and consumption rates, has improved. This has led to our Financial Capital metrics being strengthened.Our multi-local strategy translates into serving diverse geographies, consumer preferences and socio-economic contexts. As a result, we have significantly diversified our Human Capital. Today, we  have over 12,000 team members across 19 countries. We continue to build diversity as a competitive advantage.In line with our approach to democratising categories, we are making world-class products available at affordable prices. We do  this through ramping up our design-driven innovation capabilities and Intellectual Capital, measured through patents, brand valuation and R&D investments.
OUR GLOBALISATION STRATEGYOur globalisation strategy (called ‘3 by 3’) has been very deliberate. Guided by this, over the last decade, we have created significant value through M&A and established strong beachheads in three categories (home care, hair care, and personal care) in three emerging geographies (Asia, Africa, and Latin America).LATIN AMERICA	AFRICA & USA
#1	Hair colour#1	Hair fixing sprays (Argentina)
Depilatory#1	products (Chile)#3	Hair styling products (Argentina)
Ethnic hair colour#1	(Sub Saharan Africa)Caucasian hair colour (South Africa)
Hair extensions#1	(Sub Saharan Africa)Leader in wet hair care (USA)

INDIA
Household insecticides
Air fresheners
Hair colour	Soaps
INDONESIAHousehold insecticides
Air fresheners
Wet wipes
A BROAD EMERGING MARKETS PORTFOLIOIn fiscal year 2008-09, 22 per cent of our overall revenues came from international businesses. In fiscal year 2018-19, it is 46 per cent, with Indonesia and Africa accounting for 39 per cent. To drive more focus on emerging markets, in 2018, we divested our UK business.Geography Salience (FY09)	Geography Salience (FY19)
    India UK    South Africa      Middle East
    India    Indonesia    Africa, USA and Middle East      Latin America    Others
A FOCUSED APPROACH TO CATEGORY CHOICESWe have moved from an over 50 per cent soaps portfolio in 2009 to a more balanced and strategic category portfolio. Today, we have three core categories: household insecticides, personal wash, and hair care. We have entered into a new category to serve the hair care needs of African women. Air care, which we forayed into a few years ago in India, has now become the fourth global category for us.Category Salience (FY09)	Category Salience (FY19)
    Personal wash      Hair care    Others
    Personal wash     Hair care    Household insecticides      Air care    Others
DIVERSIFIED CATEGORY PORTFOLIOS WITHIN GEOGRAPHIESIndia (FY19)	Indonesia (FY19)Africa, USA and Middle East (FY19)   Household insecticides    Soaps   Hair colour    Air care   Personal care    Hair care   Others
A PORTFOLIO OF POWER BRANDS? 1,000 Crore+	? 500-1,000 Crore? 250-500 Crore
STRENGTHENED BRAND POSITIONS ACROSS KEY MARKETS AND GEOGRAPHIES• >3/4 of portfolio comprises category leaders• Gained market share in ~70% of portfolio in the last 2 years

INDIA & SAARCRange of home care and personal care products, household insecticides, hair colour, liquid detergents, soaps and air fresheners
Household insecticidesHair colour
Air freshenersSoaps
Source: Management estimatesPERSONAL CARECinthol, built on the high-energy proposition of ‘alive is awesome’, with premium international fragrances and innovative designsGodrej No.1, a leading Grade 1 quality soap offers ‘Nature’s way to beauty’Godrej protekt, a delightful, differentiated and efficacious range of products across health, wellness and personal protection
HAIR CAREGodrej Expert, India’s largest selling hair colour, democra- tises hair colouring with disruptive productsGodrej Nupur, India’s largest Henna brand, offers a great hair colouring experience with the goodness of natural ingredientsGodrej Professional, a range of professional colour, care and styling products created especially for Indian hair, including revolutionary ammonia-free fashion shadesBBLUNT’s range of shampoos, conditioners, hair colours and styling products are especially created for Indian hair and weather
HOME CARE
AIR CARE
Goodknight, India’s most trusted and highly penetrated mosquito repellent brand, protects happy moments with innovative, affordable productsHIT’s powerful and efficacious products kill disease-causing pests that threaten the wellbeing of your familyGodrej Ezee, India’s largest selling liquid detergent, keeps your woollens soft and shiny, ensuring you and your family look your bestGodrej aer, a delightful range of air fresheners, enhances spaces and delivers superior fragrances in great designs
SUB SAHARAN AFRICA & USARange of products across hair extensions, hair care, hair colour, personal wash, home care and household insecticidesSource: Management estimates
Ethnic hair colour (Sub Saharan Africa)Caucasian hair colour (South Africa)
Hair extensions (Sub Saharan Africa)Leader in wet hair care (USA)
Darling, the leader in hair extensions in Sub Saharan Africa, enables the unstoppable African woman to always look trendy and on-pointTCB Naturals’ everyday hair care gives African women the confidence to go out and shine in life’s every momentMegaGrowth celebrates strong African women whose hair is their crown; makes hair strong from the inside and beautiful from the outside
Just For Me, an expert and the leader in hair care for kids, offers the Curl Peace range of natural ingredient-based products for easy care for kinks, curls and coilsAfrican Pride Moisture Miracle, with premium natural ingredients and superior formulations, democratises moisture plus care for natural hairInecto, South Africa’s number 1 tried and trusted hair colour, with its easy-to-use, affordable, quality colours, is perfect for every adventureRenew’s colour-sure technology offers quality and guaranteed colour, while nourishing hair
INDONESIARange of household and personal care products - household insecticides, air fresheners, hair colour and wet wipes
Household insecticidesWet wipes
Air fresheners
Source: Management estimatesHIT, the leader in household insecticides, offers peace  of mind to health conscious Indonesian mothers througheffective, safe and innovative solutions to insect problemsStella, the leader in air fresheners, spreads happiness in Indonesian homes with long-lasting, memorable fragrances and irresistible formatsMitu, the number one player in baby wipes, brings joy to motherhood with its innovative, yet simple and practical solutionsNYU empowers Indonesian women with the freedom to transform without fear through accessible products with tangible results

LATIN AMERICARange of hair colour, hair care, depilatory products and colour cosmeticsSource: *Nielsen, **Scentia
Hair colourHair fixing sprays** (Argentina)
Depilatory products (Chile)Hair styling products* (Argentina)
Issue is the friend you can rely on for everything; innovative hair colour and care products, with the best quality at the best priceRoby helps you express who you are through high-quality styling productsIlicit, Chile’s leading hair colour, offers a range ofhigh-performing colours, emphasising to Latin American women that they ‘deserve to shine’Millefiori, built on the empowering proposition of ‘never stop’, has a wide range of innovative, natural ingredient- based productsPamela Grant, with a legacy of over 70 years in makeup, skincare, fragrances and hair colour, makes beauty more accessible because ‘together, we are Conscious Beauty’
02
Godrej Protekt mr. magic – a first of its kind powder-to-liquid handwash – is
Strategic Priorities• Nurturing memorable, relevant, and purposeful brands• Strengthening the core, creating new vectors of growth, and entering attractive adjacenciesCapitals ImpactedRisks• Competitive market conditions• New entrants into the marketEnablers• Design thinking-led approach• Integrated RIDE (Research & Development + Innovation + Design + Expertise) structure• Investments in research & development• In-house design lab• Dedicated central Innovation teamKey Focus Areas• A two-pronged approach to innovation: democratisation and creating new vectors of growth• Leveraging our cross-functional RIDE (Research & Development + Innovation+ Design + Expertise) structure• Investments in design, technology, and skills• Building global partnerships• Fostering a culture of innovation
Value createdOur focus and investments in innovation and research & development have translated into the creation of significant Intellectual Capital.Accelerating our innovation pipeline is critical to our success. Innovation rates in India and Indonesia are 50 per cent  higher than those in the last year. The number of new products launched annually in the last 2 years has doubled. This translates into stronger Financial Capital metrics.
• Number of new products launched annually in the last 2 years has doubled• New products launched in the last 5 years account for over 20% of the India business• 
Innovation rates in India and Indonesia are  30%and 50% higher, respectively, than the last  year• 17 new products launched over 5 years in India

A TWO-PRONGED APPROACH TO INNOVATIONInnovation is our lifeblood as a company, and we are very focused on driving innovation-led growth across our different categories. As category leaders, we believe thatwe must keep innovating and finding new ways to grow our categories. Especially in emerging markets, we are focused on democratising categories and making superior-quality, delightfully designed products available at affordable prices. We are also pursuing attractive adjacencies and creating new vectors of growth to broaden our portfolio.We are using the design thinking tools of empathy, rapid prototyping, and visualisation to reimagine our brands and create new ones. To support this, we are also accelerating our innovation pipeline, ramping up capabilities, investing significantly in research & development, and cross-pollinating learning and products across geographies.The number of new products launched annually in the last two years has doubled. The new products launched in the last five years account for over 20 per cent of the India business. Innovation rates in our India and Indonesia businesses are30 per cent and 50 per cent higher, respectively, than the last year. Air care, a category that we launched in India in 2012, has globally evolved into the fourth core category for us. We are now leaders in air fresheners in India and Indonesia.
LEVERAGING OUR CROSS-FUNCTIONAL RIDE STRUCTUREWe have an integrated platform, RIDE (Research & Development + Innovation + Design + Expertise), to combine efforts of key functions involved in new product development. This platform streamlines and expedites innovation delivery, as well as ensures agile execution. Our central innovation team leads new product development in global categories across India, Indonesia, Africa, and the USA. They also offer design thinking strategic input for brand architecture, enable cross-pollination and sharing of product ideas and processes, and constantly evaluate patents and new technologies in the consumer goods space globally.Our Godrej Indonesia R&D team


INVESTMENTS IN DESIGN, TECHNOLOGY & SKILLSWe have set up a state-of-the-art global research & development (R&D) centre at our headquarters in Mumbai, supported by local R&D centres in our different geographies. Similar to this, we have global, local, and category-specific R&D teams who partner across geographies and share learnings.We have built an in-house global design lab to integrate design thinking and transform product capabilities. The lab consists of highly skilled graphic and industrial designers from across geographies who collaborate on projects.BUILDING GLOBAL PARTNERSHIPSThrough our different strategic global partnerships, we are leveraging various cutting-edge technologies and processes. Some of our key partners include Bayer AG, Sumitomo Corporation, Kanekalon, and Firmenich.
FOSTERING A CULTURE OF INNOVATIONWe are partnering across stakeholders to build a shared culture of innovation. Through ‘I am Ardeshir’, an innovation challenge named after Ardeshir Godrej, founder of the Godrej Group, we invited Godrejites from India andSAARC and key partners to come forward with product and process innovation ideas. We received 382 ideas from our team members and selected multiple ones to carry forward through our innovation pipeline. Our partnerssent in over 100 ideas, and we selected three for further co-development.Godrej Group Chairman, Adi Godrej, with our Global Design team in Mumbai

PROTEKT MR. MAGIC HANDWASHIndia• First ever powder-to-liquid handwashEnvironmentally sustainable Democratising the handwash category• Huge potential in the handwash category in IndiaHandwash penetration is only ~10% compared to soap penetration of 99.9%Handwash category growing at 15% CAGR over the last 3 years; potential to be ?8,000 crore
CINTHOL MALE GROOMING RANGEIndia• Innovative, multi-beneficial, and functionally superior range to simplify your grooming regimeProducts for face, body, hair, and beard• Huge potential in the ?100 crore male grooming category in IndiaGrowing at 1.3? in the home and personal care category• Go-to-market approachLeverage strong pan-India distribution reach New e-commerce organisation to aid scale up
GODREJ NUPUR NATURAL HENNA BASED HAIR COLOURIndia• Foray into the herbal-based powder hair colour segment with India’s largest henna brandAddresses white spaces in our portfolio• Entry into the second largest but very fragmented segmentOpportunity size of ?1,000 crore• Focus on consumer recruitmentAffordable price point of ?10
GOODKNIGHT NATURALS NEEM AGARBATTIIndia• 100% natural mosquito-repellent incense sticks infused with neem and turmeric to repel mosquitoes and provide effective protection• Builds on the brand’s market leadership position in household insecticides• A safe and effective alternative to illegal, harmful products• Affordable pricing of ?15 for 10 sticks that burn for 3 hours each
HIT MAGIC EXPERTIndonesia• Innovative paper pyramid format, breaks away from the limitations of existing mosquito coils, and available at the same price• Forays into the USD 100+ million coils format• 4x more efficacious than coils and safer, with 4x less smoke• Infused with the revolutionary HIT TFT dot formula, kills even the most resilient mosquitoes
MITU BABY LIQUID POWDERIndonesia• Extension into a revolutionary liquid powder format• Safer alternative to regular talcum powders• Dust-free lotion texture• Combination of active natural ingredients like pro-vitamin B5, talc, zinc and chamomile• Subtle fragrance, perfect for babies
DARLINGSub Saharan Africa• Darling fundamentally believes that an empowered woman is a force of change• Hair plays a vital role in the self- confidence of women in Africa. The relaunch renewed focus on creating a range of trendy, great quality and surprisingly affordable hair for her every hair need.
TCB NATURALS THREE OIL SHEEN SPRAYSub Saharan Africa• A disruptive multi-oil spray that provides natural shine and extra conditioning• Comprehensive range of treatments for damage, dandruff, and dryness• Enriched with olive, argan, and coconut oils; deeply conditions hair, making it soft, silky, and lustrous• Revitalises dry and dull hair for healthier, natural, and long-lasting shine
ISSUE 3D GLOSS BLEACHING KITS AND TONALISERSArgentina• Innovative hair colour; offers the best quality at the most affordable price• Cutting-edge technology; a bleaching kit with a semi-permanent colour• Includes ammonia-free bleaching powder to prevent hair damage• Also comes in a fashionable grey shade; one of a kind in the semi-permanent segment
AFRICAN PRIDE MOISTURE MIRACLEUSA• Taps into the USD 0.8 billion wet hair care market• Quality comparable to that of premium brands, at an affordable price• Unique ingredient stories inspired by real home remedies• Delightful fragrances and superior moisture for coily (kinky) hair
LEVERAGING DIGITAL
The Black Box, our Digital Command Centre in Mumbai, where we measure
Strategic PriorityBuilding digital competencies, forging global partnerships, and using digital metrics to drive conversionCapitals ImpactedRisks• Competitive market conditions• Rapidly changing digital landscapeEnablers• Strong internal global and regional structures to support bold ambitions• Strategic and internationally acclaimed agencies to improve performance• Bespoke approach: Country roadmaps to reflect brand and regional stages of development• Agile test and learn approach• Future proofing the business by spending time with tech giants and start-upsKey Focus Areas• Building dedicated digital teams• Ramping up e-commerce• Leveraging global partnerships• Strengthening our digital ecosystem• Investing in technology and infrastructure• Crafting consumer-generated content• Experimenting and improving reach
Value createdWe are increasingly integrating digital capabilities with different aspects of our business - how we manufacture, go-to-market and engage with our consumers. Through these efforts, we are building stronger Social & Relationship Capital by way of partnerships and more meaningful consumer connect. In the last year, we clocked a 53 per cent increase in digital reach.We are also investing in building internal capabilities and Intellectual Capital through focused talent,  trainings and infrastructure.
• 53% increase in digital reach• Cost per engagement 2? lower than fiscal year 2017-18• 32% increase in competency levels in search engine marketing and measurement• 
70% of brand websites redesigned for improved consumer user experience, organic traffic, and conversion• Average time spent on each brand website improved significantly
BUILDING DEDICATED DIGITAL TEAMSOur Global Digi Cell brings together digital marketers from across geographies to share ideas and learning. In addition to this, we partner with other internal and external teams on digital priorities. Our online education tie-up with CircusStreet resulted in a 32 per cent increase in competency levels in key areas of search engine marketing and measurement.
LEVERAGING GLOBAL PARTNERSHIPSWe are building and leveraging global partnerships (such as Google and Shopalyst) to accelerate learning and experimentation. Our strategic partnership with Facebook helps tap into best practices and beta trials of their crucial platforms. In September 2018, our core team participated in deep immersive sessions at Google and Facebookheadquarters (at Mountain View and Palo Alto, respectively), bringing us closer to our key partners and revealingcrucial consumer insights. They also attended sessions with a variety of consumer-facing start-ups to build an understanding of digital-first thinking.
Our Digital team at the Google headquarters, California

STRENGTHENING OUR DIGITAL ECOSYSTEMSeventy per cent of our brand websites have been redesigned for improved consumer user experience, organic traffic, and conversion. The average time spent on each site has improved significantly. The bounce rate has reduced, primarily due to more engaging content and deeper linking of articles to drive prolonged engagement.Launched last year, the Black Hair Hub is an unbranded, consumer website dedicated to black hair. The site includes articles, images, and how-to videos to help and inspire African women across the globe. It has been a big success, with a run rate of 80,000 visits per month and a 21 per cent revisit rate.
RAMPING UP E-COMMERCEWe have set up an e-commerce business for India with separate P&L accountability. This structure will allow us to be more agile and deliver the consumer focus required to win. Specifically, we are targeting growth from e-commerce- focused product innovation and digital native brands, in addition to our current portfolio. To enable this, we have a dedicated digital team, the ‘Ecom Cell’, a team of in-country e-commerce specialists, charged with rapidly growing online sales.
Black Hair Hub, our online magazine, showcases the latest trends in ethnic African hair
INVESTING IN TECHNOLOGY AND INFRASTRUCTUREAt the Black Box, a physical digital command centre at our headquarters in Mumbai, we monitor live digital activity across our brands. It helps evaluate brand conversations across Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook. We also use it to respond to issues and gather consumer insights to drive campaigns and for new product development.
CRAFTING CONSUMER- GENERATED CONTENTPeer-to-peer product recommendation is the holy grail of marketing ROI. Social media allows us to tap into this at scale. We have been working with influencers to get our products in front of our target demographic on the platforms where they spend time (Instagram, Facebook and YouTube). The consumer content that is generated is authentic and believable as well as in a tone and language that our consumers connect with. We continue to ramp this up and will be soon launching our internal production studio –The Light Box – which will enable us to engage influencers, celebrities and consumers alike to generate cost-effective, engaging and on-brand content.
Our Digital team won the prestigious ‘Advertiser of the Year’ award at the ECHO Asia 2018 Awards
EXPERIMENTING AND IMPROVING REACHImproved targeting and content has resulted in a 53 per cent increase in digital reach. We have also startedcollecting first-party data to ensure further reach through a cost-effective and targeted approach. Furthermore, cost per engagement is 2? lower than that in fiscal year 2017-18. Our industry-leading social click-through rate (CTR) has improved due to a focus on consumer insight driven creatives and an increase in the use of consumer- generated content.Our newly revamped aer website
04
Technology plays a key role in our journey towards building a
Strategic PriorityIntegrating the go-to-market approach and leveraging technology for strategic decision-makingCapitals ImpactedRisks• Competitive market conditions• New entrants into the market• New online, offline and omni-channel go-to-market models and channels, such as e-commerceEnablers• Brand reputation• Affordable pricing• Superior-quality products• Continuous innovation in products and processes• Strong long-term partnering focus• Distribution footprintKey Focus Areas• Enhancing our go-to-market strategy• Laying the foundation for future growth priorities• Ramping up e-commerce• Leveraging technology and data analytics• Fostering win-win partnerships
Value createdOur agile go-to-market approach, tailored to specific geographic contexts, is the backbone of our business. By leveraging technology and analytics, innovating for local contexts and building more agility in our supply chain, we are able to serve our consumers with greater precision and purpose. We will continue to invest in enhancing ourIntellectual Capital, making our Manufactured Capital more agile, and creating joint value with our partners to maximise Social and Relationship Capital. This, in turn, will translate into stronger Financial Capital value.
• Strong direct distribution reach in India of1.3 million outlets• Expanded distribution reach in Indian rural markets to over 5.8 million outlets• 
Rural growth over 2x of urban traditional trade
ENHANCING OUR GO-TO-MARKET STRATEGY
Research shows that emerging markets will power global consumption and growth over the next couple of decades. This is a major reason why we have centred our growth strategy on targeting these markets and the emergent consuming class in them. As incomes rise, purchasing power improves and these markets mature;new distribution systems are enabling greater reach. To be able to leverage this, we are ramping up our go-to-market strategy and reach to go deeper and improve penetration.In India, we strengthened direct distribution reach to 1.3 million outlets. We are driving availability through shopper insight-based visibility programmes for top outlets and restructured coverage norms to improve focus and service.In Indonesia, we continued to strengthen our approach by simplifiying our channel model, driving same store
growths, launching a loyalty programme ‘Sahabat Godrej’ to increase wholesale efficiency and indirect coverage, and using coverage expansion pilots in Sumatera to test our hypothesis.We have been ramping up our go-to-market efforts across Africa. In West Africa, we are expanding coverage of satellite markets beyond the current markets that Darling serves directly. In addition, the team has started expanding coverage across North and West Nigeria, which were previously underserved by Darling. In Kenya, we are increasing direct coverage by on-boarding newwholesalers. This has shown positive results in up-country areas. In South Africa, the team continues to expand numeric and weighted distribution across general trade and modern trade.
Our Godrej Indonesia Sales team at a promotion activity for the new HIT Magic Expert
LAYING THE FOUNDATIONS FOR FUTURE GROWTH PRIORITIES
1. Rural OneIn India, we expanded our distribution reach in rural markets by over 1,00,000 outlets. Our village expansion programme, coupled with ‘Pragati’, the feeder wholesale programme, enabled overall reach to increase to over 5.8 million outlets (as measured by AC Nielsen). Specific rural demand- influencing programmes in identified states and distribution expansion efforts resulted in rural growth being over 2x of that in urban traditional trade.2. 
Middle IndiaWe are building a focus on Middle India (cities with a population between 1,00,000 and 10,00,000), a critical cluster for driving higher growth. We launched segmentedgo-to-market initiatives and close to doubled our differentiated sales approach to cover over 55,000 outlets. We also ramped up frontend sales strength by over 1.5? in this cluster.
Our strong direct distribution has helped us reach millions of outlets, enhancing our go-to market approach
RAMPING UP E-COMMERCE
In line with our plans for establishing a strong e-commerce presence in India, we have set up an e-commerce business with separate P&L accountability. The aim is to build agility and deliver the consumer focus required to win in thisfast-evolving space. We are targeting growth to come from e-commerce-focused product innovation and digital native brands, in addition to our current portfolio.LEVERAGING TECHNOLOGY & ANALYTICSWe are using predictive analytics for better decision-making across different initiatives. In India, we are optimising trade spends for better returns through trade spend management tools. Through data analytics, we are enabling targeted smaller cluster-localised planning. Our upgraded hand-held terminals and predictive suggestions guide salespeople in markets. We are trying to further optimise the time spent and delivery routes through GPS-enabled maps. As partof experiments, we are piloting artificial intelligence and behavioural science-enabled capability building for frontline salespeople.In Africa, leveraging hand-held devices for our sales team members and merchandisers has helped expand coverage and improve brand visibility across the subcontinent. In Kenya, we introduced sales bots for automated order booking. In Nigeria, we are using analytics to improve cross-selling, especially for must stock lists and up-selling basis previous buying patterns. Across the USA, electronicdata interchange (EDI) helps improve connectivity with large retailers such as Walmart and Target.
Through ‘SALES MOR’, our analytics portal in Indonesia, we are helping sales team members track, review, and optimise productivity and other key sales KPIs.Predictive analytics and data-driven decision making play a key role in boosting in sales
FOSTERING WIN-WIN PARTNERSHIPSIn India, we are enhancing engagement through customised partner engagement programmes to build stronger connect and drive common goals across the chain. We expanded ‘Unnati’ across key markets in urban India. Through this programme, we are building direct connection with our local area sales leadership teams. We host regular meetings to share feedback and updates. This, in turn, leads to more targeted planning and higher returns for them. The Net Promoter Score (NPS) survey gathers feedback to factor into our plans.In Indonesia, our regional distributor network, comprising over 100 distributors, contributes approximately 40 per cent of total business. As an introductory step to better leverage these partnerships, we conducted extensive distributor management and ROI trainings for sales people. We also introduced a set of other initiatives, such as targeted incentives linked to business priorities and distributor financing. Our billing software boosts visibility and connectivity and simplified claim settlements.
Salons are key partners for us in Africa. Besides initiating training programmes for stylists, which helps them become self- employed, we have also introduced Salon connect programmes across markets. We conduct regular NPS surveys with trade partners in smaller markets who help distribute a range of GCPL products.
Our Godrej Indonesia Sales team at a workshop in Palembang
Partnering with hair salons in Nigeria
MAKING OUR SUPPLY CHAIN BEST-IN-CLASS
Our state-of-the-art hair extensions
Strategic Priorities• High customer service levels through ready availability of range• Freshness of products supplied to consumersCapitals ImpactedRisks• Potential disruption of operations due to geo-political risks• Currency fluctuations resulting in uncertainty over viability of imports• Local competition• Labour-intensive product portfolios in some geographiesEnablers• Demand-driven supply chain• Shop floor employee engagement• Localised manufacturing technology• Engagement with our business partners and suppliersKey Focus Areas• Customer service level• Working capital and inventory• Gross contribution margin improvement• Sustainability of the process
Value createdOur future-ready investments are aimed at achieving process efficiencies, leveraging economies of scale and helping us be more competitive in the market, consequently strengthening Financial Capital.We are enhancing Intellectual Capital by scaling up technology and capabilities and evolving best practices.Smarter, safer work environments, in line with global standards, enable our team members to deliver more efficiently and improve Human Capital.The resultant impact of reaching a wider consumer base and enhanced employee capabilities, together with close partnership with our suppliers, builds Social & Relationship Capital.All our efforts are grounded in improving sustainability and making a positive impact on Natural Capital.
• 0 man days lost due to adverse industrial relations• Saved over ?2.80 crore through sustainable manufacturing• 
India obsolescence reduced to 0.06%• Stock availability in India is 98.43%
Top: Inside GCPL’s manufacturing facility for Mitu Baby in IndonesiaBottom: A highly immersive procurement workshop at our Buenos Aires office
SUPPLY CHAIN STRATEGIC PRIORITIES
• Introducing best practices across geographies to become more agile• Strengthening supply chain processes in international businesses• Extending shop floor employee engagement initiatives to international businesses• Global strategic sourcing with significant benefits to the bottom line• Sustainable manufacturing and supply chain practices, resulting in significant improvements in energy and water consumption, carbon footprint, waste generation, and renewable energy• Mapping cutting-edge replenishment practices to the advanced planning and optimisation module• 
Responding to constantly changing consumer demand patterns, leading to high fill rates• Improving ‘freshness’ of products at time of sale, better logistics practices, product traceability, and reduced obsolescence• Enhancing manufacturing capacity across geographies through fresh investments and de-bottlenecking of capacities• Piloting the ‘Internet of Things’ in manufacturing and logistics
Our Beleza factory in Mozambique, where we manufacture hair extensions
KEY FOCUS AREASCUSTOMER SERVICEIntroducing agile fulfilment initiatives to respond efficiently to changing consumer demands
We continuously focus on making our manufacturing delivery and logistics operations more agile in order to be able to respond to constantly changing consumer demand patterns.We have achieved high fill rates in most of our key geographies. Fill rates range between 87 per cent and 99 per cent.In Indonesia and Chile, we are collaborating with retailers to optimise and combine our supply chain planning process to
improve on-shelf availability of products and provide better consumer service.In line with increasing demand patterns, we have enhanced manufacturing capacity across geographies.Initiatives such as barcoding of shippers in India have helped improve logistics and product traceability. In the last three years, we have reduced obsolescence to 0.06 per cent.
Fill rates across geographiesFill RateFY19FY18India98.43%97.90%Indonesia99.70%98.70%Argentina99.00%99.00%Chile97.00%93.00%Kenya96.00%96.00%South Africa94.00%90.00%Nigeria87.00%91.00%Ghana92.00%96.00%USA93.00%90.00%
WORKING CAPITAL & INVENTORYExtending best practices and shop floor employee engagement globally
To become more competitive, we have adopted best-in-class manufacturing practices across our global supply chain, from procurement through manufacturing and shipping, including demand-driven supply chain, Theory of Constraints, total productive maintenance (TPM), lean, six sigma, kaizen, and low-cost automation. In fiscal year 2018-19, we extended these best practices to our recently acquired Strength of Nature business in the USA.We are constantly exploring new technologies and solutions to improve the utilisation of our assets and materials and ensure improved freshness of our products.1. 
Total Quality ManagementWe drive total quality management through shop floor employee engagement initiatives. As part of this, we train all shop floor employees on TPM, lean, quality circles, task force, and kaizen. This year, we extended the programme to include our manufacturing plants in Tanzania and Mozambique.
Left and Right: Shopfloor engagement activities at our Godrej Latin America factories

2. Productivity ImprovementIn fiscal year 2018-19, we engaged with over 20,000 shop floor employees to improve the manufacturing process, productivity per person, and employee connections and relations.
Inside our Beleza factory at Mozambique
Productivity improvement across locationsCountryProductImprovementIndiaLiquidator refills27%IndiaHair colour crème sachet18%TanzaniaBraids36.57%KenyaCrochet23.07%MozambiqueDreads73.55%NigeriaNatural twist55%GhanaWeaves47.05%IndonesiaAerosol Mega 14.20%
All team members are encouraged to suggest changes to improve process efficiency. We ran an employee suggestion scheme and got over 5,140 suggestions, 58 per cent of which were implementable. Thus far, we have implemented 59 per cent of the implementable suggestions, and the remaining are in process.
Our team members also registered 123 kaizens for performance improvement across our Africa and Indonesia manufacturing plants; of these, 118 have been implemented.
GROSS CONTRIBUTION MARGIN IMPROVEMENTMaking future-ready investments to further improve productivity
We are making future-ready investments in Industry 4.0 technologies and processes to improve productivity and quality.In fiscal year 2018-19, we implemented Internet of Things (IoT) at our Guwahati and Baddi manufacturing sites. This helped improve line productivity significantly and bring it closer to the rated capacity.
At Guwahati, we have installed computerised visual inspection technology for refill bottle lines. This has helped to reduce defects such as wick chipping, breakage, and half-filled bottles. At Malanpur, we have implemented IoT in the oil unloading section. This provides real-time data on steam consumption and helps optimise the process. Thus far, the process has saved over ?55 lakh in reduced steam consumption.
Inside our largest soap manufacturing facility at Malanpur
SUSTAINABILITY OF THE PROCESSDriving sustainability initiatives across manufacturing processes and the supply chain
As part of our Good & Green vision, we have identified five environmental sustainability goals to be achieved by fiscal year 2020-21: we aim to be carbon neutral, achieve water positivity, send zero waste to landfill, reduce specific energy consumption by 30 per cent, and have 30 per cent of total energy from renewable sources. Performance is guidedand tracked by the sustainability team at the corporate centre and driven by manufacturing cluster heads and team members at each location. We track emissions and data calculations for all locations where we have 100 per cent operational control.As a global consumer business, we depend on multiple suppliers for various raw materials, intermediate goods, and other ancillary inputs. Thus, we need a sustainable supplier engagement approach that can help feed our scaled-up operations and fulfil customer demands while optimising costs.We have defined our sustainability commitment expectations of suppliers, linked to our Good & Green goals. This is detailed in the GCPL Sustainable Procurement Policy. Allour key suppliers are expected to align with this. The current environmental, social, and governance (ESG) parameters are also applicable to our existing suppliers. From fiscal year 2019-20 onwards, we intend to incorporate these
parameters as part of the supplier initiation protocol. We are committed to helping our suppliers make their operations more sustainable:• We assist in reducing specific energy and specific water consumption, waste to landfill, and specific CO2 emissions• We encourage them to identify and mitigate ESG concerns• We help enhance process efficiency, reduce use of hazardous and toxic materials, and responsibly dispose toxic waste, if any• We recommend the use of renewable sources of energy, wherever possibleWe work with over 600 suppliers. As part of supplier assessments, we have evaluated 135 suppliers thus far (accounting for 60 per cent of our procurement spends) on being quality centred, ethically driven, green inspired, and socially focused. We collated qualitative and quantitative data and developed a composite score basis for responses. To drive continuous adherence, we have scheduled self declarations from suppliers as well as external audits, identified category-wise targets for them, and shared industry best practices and suggested actions.We aim to cover suppliers amounting to 70 per cent of our procurement spends by fiscal year 2021-22. Additionally, sustainability assessment through a self declared questionnaire will become part of our new vendor initiation protocol.
Top: Institute of Supply Chain Management’s ‘Supply Chain Company of the Year Award 2018-19Middle: ‘Best Supply Chain Project’ at NITIE’s Lakshya AvartanBottom: ‘Supply Chain Excellence in FMCG Distribution’ at CNBC’s Supply Chain Excellence Awards
06
The winners of Godrej LOUD
Strategic PriorityAttracting, developing, engaging, and retaining high- quality talentCapitals ImpactedRisks• Competitive market conditions and new entrants leading to attritionEnablers• The Godrej Way: our purpose and values• Our Employee Value Proposition (Tough Love, Whole Self and Your Canvas)• Our leadership behaviours anchored in the Godrej Capability Factors• An entrepreneurial and inclusive culture backed by enabling people practices• Our global footprint and the option to build global careers in emerging markets in three continents• Competitive remuneration based on the principle of sharing value createdKey Focus Areas• Living ‘The Godrej Way’• Building a culture of agility and experimentation• Fostering a diverse and inclusive GCPL• Investing in leadership development• Creating a strong talent pipeline for the future• Prioritising safety• Being among the best companies to work for in all our geographies
Value createdWe remain committed to building an inspiring place to work, with a culture around The Godrej Way, which encourages diversity, agility and experimentation. Through our various policies and processes, we are empowering our team members, enhancing capabilities in line with business ambitions, and thereby creating more impactful Human Capital and Intellectual Capital.A lot of our engagement translates through Social & Relationship Capital - partnerships and enhanced employee connect, especially in the context of our multi-geography presence.
• Consistently rank in the top quartile of best employers in internal employee engagement survey scores• 26% women• 19% women in senior leadership roles (Vice President and above)• 
7,873 training man-hours• Workplace by Facebook helps engage and connect 2,700 people across geographies
LIVING ‘THE GODREJ WAY’A culture around ‘The Godrej Way’The Godrej Way, our purpose and values, is the cultural cornerstone that guides our choices and actions. As we get larger and more global, we need to ensure that the current and future generations of Godrejites fully embrace and live our distinctive purpose and values. So, over the last couple of years, our leadership team has travelled across geographies to share their perspectives with over 3,000 team members across 20 locations. These cascadeswere supplemented with smaller group workshops with local HR teams to enable deeper reflection and discussion. We have also integrated our values with key people policiesand processes.Our West Africa team defines how they will bring our purpose alive in the region
Our Employee Value PropositionWe take much pride in fostering an inspiring workplace with an agile andhigh-performance culture to attract, develop, and retain the best global talent. Our Employee Value Proposition has three pillars:
Your CanvasOur exciting and ambitious growth plans allow us to offer unparalleled career opportunities relatively early on.
Tough LoveWe expect a lot from our team members, differentiate on the basis of performance and potential throughcareer opportunities and rewards, and lay particular emphasis on developing, mentoring, and training.
Whole SelfWe believe that passionate, well- rounded individuals with diverse interests make for better Godrejites. We understand that our team members play multi-faceted roles. This is why we encourage them not just to explore their whole selves but also create an enabling space for them to do so. Our commitment to beingan equal opportunities employer and have flexible working policies around part-time work, work from home, flexible working hours, employee self-help resources, and professional counselling, are designed to enablebetter productivity and effectiveness.
Godrej Capability FactorsAll our people policies and practices are founded on the leadership capability factors of ‘Leading Self’, ‘Leading Others’, and ‘Leading Business’.Top and Bottom: Our Godrej Indonesia and Godrej Argentina teams host workshops on the Godrej Capability Factors
Authentic conversationsOur senior leadership is engaging through different platforms, including town halls and one-on-one conversations. Workplace by Facebook helps engage and connect people across teams and geographies. We have been using it extensively to build alignment around strategies, share ideas and insights; getreal-time feedback; and celebrate successes. We launched an in-house talk show this year called ‘The Real Deal’, which encourages people to talk openly about issues that they maynot have otherwise. Our engagement levels on the platform are ahead of industry benchmarks.Top: GCPL’s Executive Chairperson, Nisaba Godrej, and Head - Talent and Leadership Development, Shailesh Deshpande, in an episode of ‘The Real Deal’, our in-house talk show Bottom: Connecting our global teams on Workplace by Facebook, our in-house social media platform
BUILDING A CULTURE OF AGILITY, OWNERSHIP, AND EXPERIMENTATION
Becoming more agileWe are committed to building a more agile and innovative company. In April 2019, 120 of our senior team members from across geographies participated in a 2-day immersion with a leading professor of strategy from Harvard Business School on agility and experimentation. We used the insights from this in different projects and culture-building activities.
Our unique multi-local operating modelOur international growth has been through acquisitions. Unlike traditional multinationals, we have a multi-local operating model centred on value-based partnering and operational autonomy at the local level. This helps sustain the agile, entrepreneurial spirit that made these companies successful while providing the benefits of strong processes and scale that Godrej brings. Striking a balance between our global identity and the ability to appreciate localflavour and respond to changing consumer needs is our competitive advantage.Cluster-function ways of workingIn line with our operating model, we are building stronger collaboration across geography clusters and function teams through shared accountability and clearly defined ways of working.Teams and projects‘Project Nimble’ is a self-managed team of young leaders who work on ideas across functions to make GCPL more agile. As part of the ‘10xers Programme’, cross-functional teams work on challenging business-critical projects in Finance, HR, Planning, Marketing, and Analytics. ‘I Am Ardeshir’, our in-house innovation challenge, was very popular and threw open several new product and process ideas for consideration.
Top and Bottom: An evening of conversation with our MD & CEO Vivek Gambhir, and Business Heads from India, Africa and Indonesia
Top and Bottom: Exploring the ‘Future of Work’ at our annual HR Conclave
FOSTERING A DIVERSE AND INCLUSIVE GCPL
We take pride in being an equal opportunities employer. We recognise merit and perseverance and encourage diversity at Godrej. We do not tolerate any form of discrimination on the basis of nationality, race, colour, religion, caste, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, age, or marital status and allow for equal opportunities for all our team members.Diversity CouncilThe Diversity Council of the Godrej Group, which comprises business leaders and senior team members who champion diversity and inclusiveness, meets every quarter to strategise and discuss initiatives to further drive our diversity and inclusion agenda.Diversity Champions in AfricaSub Saharan Africa is a key geographic cluster for us. Given the team diversity in gender, nationality, race, and educational background, we see tremendous opportunity in leveraging synergies. We have set up a representativecouncil that spearheads targeted interactive sessions, online and offline, to build appreciation and awareness around diversity.Women and leadershipWe are fostering a holistic, supportive workplace for women. As a result of these efforts, the percentage of women in GCPL has increased to approximately 26 per cent and the percentage of women in senior leadership (Vice President and above) to approximately 19 per cent today.
Apart from our maternity benefits, we have a Caregiver Travel Policy, which enables new mothers to bring a caregiver and children up to 1 year of age, for necessary work-related travel.Through Careers 2.0, our second careers programme, we provide women who have taken a career break a chance to return to the workplace. It offers aspirational and challenging projects across sectors and functions with added flexibility to help women balance their careers and personal needs.Our Executive Chairperson, Nisaba Godrej, meets the Women’s Committee at our Johannesburg office
LGBTQI inclusion
Our well-defined equal opportunity policy and a gender- neutral anti-harassment policy protect the rights of our lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, and intersex (LGBTQI) team members.We have extended medical benefits, such as hospitalisation cover, to domestic partners of Godrejites. We offer a choice to any team member to choose a spouse/domestic partner as a dependent. This also covers same-sex dependents, AIDS patients, and fertility treatments. Our adoption policy too is designed with a gender-neutral primary caregiverin mind.We recently introduced a Gender Affirmation Policy for our team members who wish to undergo gender transition.Godrejites can now claim reimbursements towards non- cosmetic surgeries and hormone replacement therapy.We are reviewing amenities and infrastructure facilities for LGBTQI team members. As a first step, we have set up two
gender-neutral washrooms at our headquarters, Godrej One, in Mumbai.On December 13, 2018, we launched a ‘Manifesto for Trans Inclusion in the Indian Workplace’ . Through this, we aim to bring to light the position and circumstances of trans people in the Indian society, and how corporate India can take action to improve them.Prevention of Sexual HarassmentWe are committed to creating a workplace where everyone feels respected and included. We ensure that our team members are protected against sexual harassment while prioritising the redressal of all complaints in connected matters. To build awareness, we organise compulsory Prevention of Sexual Harassment sensitisation sessions at regular intervals and have an e-learning module available for ready reference.
GCPL Executive Chairperson, Nisaba Godrej, and Parmesh Shahani, Head - Godrej India Culture Lab, at the launch of the ‘Manifesto for Trans Inclusion at the Workplace’
INVESTING IN LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT
Our belief is that real learning happens on the job through a combination of stretch, challenging assignments, and doing a variety of roles. Our approach to leadership development is built on the Godrej Capability Factors. We are investingin high-quality learning through a mix of programmes led by world-class faculty from Harvard Business School and the Indian School of Business, as well as a host of internal Godrej trainers. In total, 7,873 training man-hours were recorded in fiscal year 2018-19.Enterprise leadershipOur recently launched global programme focuses on sharpening P&L leadership capabilities through a multi- phase learning journey of 18 months.Functional leadershipStrategic orientation and execution are emerging learning needs at middle management levels. We are enabling this through a blended learning approach with on-the-job
implementation and have hosted workshops in Africa and India.Leading SelfWe believe that much of our success depends on whether we are able to unleash the unique and powerful individual potential of each Godrejite. An in-house programme built around our Godrej Capability Factors pillar of ‘Leading Self’ enables people to introspect and better understand and channelise personal drive.A culture of continuous learningWe have entered into a partnership with Harvard Business School Online, which offers access to Harvard’s case study content.

Left, Top and Bottom: Workshops to build functional skills across teams
CREATING A STRONG TALENT PIPELINE FOR THE FUTURE
Future-ready capabilitiesWe are building capabilities around new and emergent skillsets and focus areas. To ramp up focused capabilities across our sales organisation, we created a functional competency framework, identified capability gaps, and trained over 1,000 sales team members worldwide. Similarly, we are ramping up our digital and analytics capabilities and investing in new channels of growth, such as e-commerce, consumer marketing intelligence, and the professionalsalon business.Top left and Top right: Engaging with business schools in Johannesburg and IndiaBottom: Our Gallop 2018 batch with Godrej Group Chairman, Adi Godrej
Innovative approach to recruitmentGodrej LOUD (Live Out Ur Dream), our radically different approach to business school recruitment, encourages students to live out their unfulfilled personal dreams and offers sponsorship and internships with Godrej. LOUD has been hosted successfully across India, Indonesia, and Africa.
OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH & SAFETY
As part of the Godrej Group, we foster a strong culture of continuous improvement in training, health and safety. Our people are the key to building a strong safety culture and we regularly strive to connect with all of our team members to enable this.As part of training initiatives, we host practical sessions, role plays and safety competitions. Over the last few years, we have focused on improving safety awareness among all team members, including our contractual workforce.Quality Circles are one of our most impactful initiatives in driving safety and improving productivity. They give our team members a platform to showcase their ideas and solutions to the Management Committee, and have helped us transform operations across our factories. At Malanpur - our largest
factory in India - approximately 400 team members (93 per cent of the team), participate in Quality Circles. Across our international geographies, we have 40 Quality Circles, contributing to an annual saving of approximately ?1.74 crore. Of these, 14 have participated in and won various regional and national awards.
Key priorities2017-182018-19No. of people trained on safety (Global data for employees + contractors)22,00054,046Injury rate (Global data)1.670.54*Disabling incidents (Global data)00Number of fatalities00First aid/medical kits1,397325Number of LTIs3714Safe man-hours47 million46.21 million**Increase in near-miss reporting+64.2%-37.8%**** Injury rate is calculated as per IS 3786: (no. of reportable accident *1,000)/average no. of employees•• Decrease in safe man-hours on account of reduction in average manpower*** We are aggressively focusing on training our employees on safety and system effectiveness making our team members more aware and skilled, which is helping in reducing near-miss incidents
BEING AMONG THE BEST COMPANIES TO WORK FOR IN ALL OUR GEOGRAPHIESWe have consistently been recognised among the best companies to work for across our geographies. We ranked #7 among the Best Employers in India in the Aon Best Employers 2018 survey and #1 in the FMCG category on the Great Place to Work - Best Workplaces in India 2018 list; a list we have featured on for 15 years in a row. We were also recognised within Great Place to Work® Institute (India)’s ‘Best Workplaces in Manufacturing – 2019’ and among the Top Employers of 2018 in South Africa.Godrej In tune, our engagement survey, hosted in partnership with Aon Hewitt, measures engagement levels across teams and geographies against identified parameters. We use the insights generated to co-create targeted interventions with specific teams.Great Place to Work - Best Workplaces in India 2018
Godrej South Africa wins the ’Best Employer Award 2018’ organised by the Top Employers Institute in South Africa
• Rank #7 among the Best Employers in India in the Aon Best Employers 2018 survey• Rank #1 in the FMCG category on the Great Place to Work - Best Workplaces in India 2018 list; we have featured on this list for 15 years in a row• 
Feature among the Top Employers of 2018 in South Africa• Within Great Place to Work® Institute (India)’s ‘Best Workplaces in Manufacturing – 2019’. Among 25 of over 100 manufacturing companies recognised for building a ‘high- trust, high-performing culture’.
07
The Godrej Group owns and cares for nearly 2,100 acres of mangrove forests
Strategic PriorityBuilding an inclusive and greener worldCapitals ImpactedRisks• Regulatory changes• Social licence to operate• Community unrestEnablers• Good & Green vision• Shared value approach• Godrej values• Godrej sustainability policies• Godrej legacy of philanthropyKey Focus Areas• Optimum use of natural resources• Anticipating and responding to emerging regulatory frameworks• Building inclusive and prosperous communities• Volunteering
Value createdWe are conscious of both our dependence on and responsibility towards our communities and the environment, across the value chain and lifecycle of our products.We remain committed to innovating and exploring new technologies to become more sustainable through enhanced Intellectual Capital.We are working more closely with our communities and investing in social programmes to achieve our goals. We are also leveraging our Human Capital through employee engagement and volunteering efforts to maximise Natural  Capital and Social & Relationship Capital.
GODREJ TRUSTS
Approximately 23 per cent of the promoter holding of the Godrej Group is held in trusts that invest in the environment, healthcare, and education.EnvironmentWe are proud to protect, develop, and maintain the largest privately managed belt of mangrove forests in Mumbai since the 1940s.EducationThe Godrej Udayachal Pre-Primary and Primary Schools focus on the all-round development of children. The Udayachal High School has been accredited with the International School Award in recognition of its global education curriculum and innovation in classroom teaching.We also support Teach For India, a nationwide movement involving outstanding college graduates and young
professionals, who commit two years to full-time teaching in under-resourced schools and become lifelong leaders working towards the pursuit of equity in education.HealthcareThe Godrej Memorial Hospital aims to provide high-quality healthcare at affordable costs. One such initiative is our partnership with Smile Train, a USA-based NGO, which helps in performing corrective cleft lip and palate surgery in children from low-income families. We offer surgery and hospitalisation to these children free of cost.
An aerial view of the Godrej Mangroves in Vikhroli, Mumbai
GOOD & GREEN
Sustainability at GCPL is guided by the Godrej Group’s Good & Green vision of creating a more inclusive and greener world.We have a comprehensive CSR policy* that outlines programmes and projects to create a positive impact on our stakeholders.Our CSR committee reviews, monitors, and provides strategic inputs on our sustainability efforts.
Over the years, we have aligned our initiatives with the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals, the Government of India’s social development priorities, and the needs of our local communities to deliver high-impact programmes.
Key focus areas and corresponding initiatives
1. Optimum use of natural resources2. 
Anticipating and responding to emerging regulatory frameworks
	
Through Green projects, environmental sustainability initiatives at our manufacturing plants
Including sustainable packaging initiatives to minimise the impact of our packaging on the environment

3. Building inclusive and prosperous communities4. 
Volunteering
	
Through our efforts to build inclusive and prosperous communities*Know more about our CSR policy
Initiatives to get our team members connect more meaningfully with the communities we operate in

OPTIMUM USE OF NATURAL RESOURCESAs part of our Good & Green vision, we have established five environmental sustainability goals to be achieved by fiscal year 2020-21. We obtained the standards, methodologies, and assumptions used for the purpose of our calculations from the ‘IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories, 2006’ and the ‘IPCC AR5 Assessment Report’.Our emissions and data calculations are performed for all locations where we have 100 per cent operational control. All our manufacturing plants strive to achieve these goals by fiscal year 2020-21. Our performance is guided by the sustainability team at the corporate level and driven by manufacturing cluster heads and team members at each of our manufacturing locations.* Performance as on March 2019 against fiscal year 2010-11
1. Energy
Over the years, we have undertaken several energy- efficiency initiatives to help reduce energy consumption and dependence on conventional energy sources, in relation with our manufacturing scale. This has also reduced our GHG emissions.Key initiatives in fiscal year 2018-19:• Mostly use biomass briquettes as fuel across plants• In Malanpur, we continue to install water-based vacuum systems by replacing steam-based vacuum systems.
This has helped reduce steam consumption by 500 kg/hr.• In Thana and Katha, we replaced the fixed speed air compressor with variable-speed drive• Implemented several other energy-efficient measures globally, including converting to energy-efficient air conditioning, installation of energy-efficient LED lighting and motion sensor lighting, optimisation of pumps and motors, and automation panels to prevent idle running of machines
Share of renewable enery in energy mix (%) - India30.79.32011	2012	2013	2014	2015	2016	2017	2018	2019Specific energy consumption (MJ/MT) - India3,9643,436
3,251
3,044
2,906
2,792
2,9762,905
2,827
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
Energy Report - GlobalIndonesia - Specific nnergy by product [MJ/t]	Africa - Specific energy by product [MJ/t]
1,106
1,091	1,046
2,151
1,982
1,705
	
2016-17
2017-18
2018-19
2016-17
2017-18
2018-19
Latin America - Specific energy by product [MJ/t]	USA - Specific energy by product [MJ/t]
908
1,096
1,045	2,018
2,522
2,647

2016-17
2017-18
2018-19
2016-17
2017-18
2018-19
2. Water
We continually evaluate and execute innovative projects to reduce our specific water consumption. We also recognise that water procured has to be sourced from sustainable sources, and the rate of replenishment should exceed the rate of extraction.Key initiatives in fiscal year 2018-19:• In Thana, we replaced the water-cooled 250 CFM fixed air compressor with a 150 CFM variable speed drive type that will help save 200 KL of water per annum
• In the North and Northeast units in India, we changed to push-type water taps for basins• In our Coil 9 unit in Puducherry, we are reusing 6,200 KL per annum of treated sewage water for plant processes and domestic purposes
Specific water withdrawal per metric tonne of production (litre/MT) - India2011	2012	2013	2014	2015	2016	2017	2018	2019Specific water withdrawal per tonne of product (litre/MT) - GlobalIndonesia AfricaLatin AmericaUSA2016-17	2017-18	2018-19
3. WasteWe recognise the need for proper treatment of the waste material generated through reuse or recycling. We have undertaken several initiatives to reduce waste generation and divert the waste from landfill to gainful applications. Therefore, we have already achieved over 99 per cent reduction in waste to landfill.Left and Right: As part of our Extended Producer Responsibility commitment, we have collected an equivalent of 39% post-consumer plastic packaging waste
Specific waste to landfill (kg/MT) - India2010-11	2011-12	2012-13	2013-14	2014-15	2015-16	2016-17	2017-18	2018-19Specific waste to landfill (kg/MT) - Global
26.6
Indonesia 	   Africa 	   Latin America 	   USA
12.302016-17	2017-18	2018-19
4. EmissionAll our manufacturing units monitor their GHG emissions, and we have set short-term targets to reduce our emissions and achieve carbon neutrality. Our energy efficiency initiatives contribute to GHG emission reductions. Some include switching to renewable biomass for boilers, procurement of renewable energy, flue gas heat recovery from boilers and utilisation in the process, and installation of energy-efficient equipment.GHG emission intensity per metric tonne production (kg CO2e/MT) - India*2472242011881822014-15	2015-16	2016-17	2017-18	2018-19Specific GHG emissions per tonne production (kg CO2e/MT) - Global361 	   Indonesia 	   Africa 	   Latin America 	   USA12016-17	2017-18	2018-19* Emission calculated from energy consumption within our operations
ANTICIPATING & RESPONDINGTO EMERGINGREGULATORY FRAMEWORKSAs an FMCG business, packaging plays a very important role in maintaining product integrity. We use delightful design and packaging as a way to differentiate our products, and we aim to do this in an eco-friendly manner. A number ofour products are known for their unique packaging, which balances utility and recyclability.Specific packaging consumption (kg/tonne)1052014-15	2015-16	2016-17	2017-18	2018-19
BUILDING INCLUSIVE & PROSPEROUS COMMUNITIES
Our CSR initiatives are guided by Good & Green and reported under Schedule VII, Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 in the Board’s Report.Our CSR policy outlines our focus areas, defines the scope of activities, and guides execution and monitoring. Furthermore, it focuses on addressing critical social, environmental, and economic needs of marginalised and underprivileged sections of society by adopting a shared value approach to help solve problems while strengthening our competitive advantage.Drawing from the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals, we have developed programmes to address the issues of livelihood, public health, waste management, water, rural electrification and education, among others.
LIVELIHOOD1. Salon-i and BeautypreneurProgrammesOur flagship social initiative, Salon-i, is a vocational training programme for women. It is designed entirely in-houseto train young women in basic skills of beauty, skin, hair care, and mehendi application. In addition, life skills and entrepreneurship development modules enable women to take up jobs or pursue self-employment depending ontheir unique skill sets and circumstances. Although Salon- i’s employability goal is small, compared to the country’s overall need, the programme is unique as it specifically aims at employability, entrepreneurship development, and empowerment of women.We also reached out to women micro-entrepreneurs in the beauty and wellness sector in various parts of the country and set up the ‘Beautypreneur’ platform. Beautypreneur aims at developing beauty and wellness enterprises led by women, thereby enabling them to start training other girls. This is in addition to their regular salon business and thus helps them expand their enterprise.
	
Our Godrej Salon-i journey2012-13The beginning5 PARTNERS	3 STATES2,662 WOMEN REACHED2013-14 Represented World Skill Olympics (India Chapter)18 PARTNERS	12 STATES
12,313 WOMEN REACHED
2014-15Audio-visual curriculum ascribed to BWSSC launchedTrainer Training Modules created with emphasis on facilitation
2015-16
23 PARTNERS
20 STATES
Life Skills curriculum integrated discourses of Gender &Empowerment
22,000 WOMEN REACHED
28 PARTNERS	23 STATES
21,000 WOMEN REACHED
2016-17Launch of the Beautypreneur Programme(Reached 95 Beautypreneurs)
5 PARTNERS	3 STATES
2017-18Rural Udyogi Programme launched in West Bengal
2,662 WOMEN REACHED

300 BEAUTYPRENEURS ADDED64,000 WOMEN REACHED
2018-19Rural Udyogi Programme in Tamil NaduStudy on SROI undertaken
1,000 NEW BEAUTYPRENEURS100,000 PLANNED TARGET OUTREACH
Need
Women, although a significant proportion of the workforce in India, are largely concentrated in the informal sector and engaged in vocations characterised by low earning, low productivity, poor working conditions, and lack of socialprotection. Despite a rise in India’s GDP, India’s female labour force participation rate has declined. Women aged between 21 and 50 years have a high dropout rate from the workforce.Given these trends, women are financially dependent on others. Addressing gender inequality is therefore not only the right thing to do but also important for our future growth as an FMCG business. By promoting the formal and active participation of women in the economy, we aim to help build their lives, families, communities, and the economy.
Our skill training programme works with the women and community to enhance their domain skills, while creating social and political awareness that helps them voice their opinions, negotiate their rights, and make their own decisions.TraineesWe primarily work in peri-urban locations with:• Low-income women who have dropped out of formal education• Women from migrant families• Women who have restricted mobility• Women who are unclear about career paths and their options to become financially independent
Our Beautypreneur programme works with micro entrepreneurs in the beauty and wellness sector

• Women who face social obstacles to work• Women who want to set up their own business but have no direction and access to funds• Women who have set up a micro-enterprise and now want to scale up and increase their profitsApproach and market systemsWe partner with non-profits and community-based organisations that work closely with communities and help in mobilising underprivileged women. The partner organisations implement the programme on ground, train them, and handhold them throughout the process.The training curriculum (trainer manual, audiovisual content, assessment app, and other learning tools) has been
developed entirely in-house. The entrepreneurship and life skills modules are at the core. We have also developed integrated activities and games to help trainees imbibe these concepts. We have a Learning Management System that enables blended learning through multimedia formats such as audio, video, PDFs and presentations.
Salon-i, our beauty and wellness training programme, has grown immensely over the years, with it currently impacting more than 2,20,000 women
ImpactOur third-party impact assessment of Salon-i showed that over 50 per cent of our trainees take up employment and over 25 per cent of them work from home in beauty-related trades. Those who work from home earn between ?1,000 and ?5,000 per month, whereas those with jobs earn upwards of ?5,000 per month, depending on the number of hours, location, skill level, etc. For most of our alumni, this is their first skill-based income source, and many women are the first women in their families and/or communities to step out of the home forpaid employment.We recently completed a third party/independent SROI study of the Beautypreneur programme that showed an overall social return of ?6.46 on the programme for every rupee invested.The study details performance on technical knowledge and personality development of trainees, financial and non- financial empowerment, entrepreneurial spirit, income change, shared value of being associated with Godrej, and outcomes of our NGO project implementation partners.An SROI impact study for the Beatypreneur programme showed that every ?1 invested in the programme generated over ?6.4 in social impact value

2. Darling hair and beauty skills training in KenyaProgrammeWe conduct hairdressing training for young women from underprivileged backgrounds at 11 hairdressing skills academies in Kenya (Nairobi, Machakos, Yatta, Athi River, Keumbu, Nyaore, Ngirisu, Awendo Marindi, Kitui, Rongo, and Kitale). This 14-week programme includes both theory and practical sessions. The focus is primarily on hair care and braiding.Need and traineesUnemployment is a major problem in Kenya today, especially for the youth. Data is inconsistent, with government figures reporting 7 per cent, Internal Labour Organisation stating 11 per cent, and a United Nations Development Programme report citing a whopping 39 per
cent. In this scenario, women are worse off. According to the Kenya National Bureau of Statistics, only a third of Kenyans in formal employment are women.ImpactWe have trained over 4,500 women in five years. We are motivated by success so far reported by our alumni, several of whom have gone on to set up their own businesses (salons), and this is something we would like to facilitate for many more.
Our Darling hair and beauty skills training programme helps women gain employment
Project EMBED aims to eliminate malaria by creating awareness and driving behaviour changeRURAL INTENSIFICATIONAs a corollary to the employability and livelihood programme, we set up a project to identify and train unemployed women and youth in entrepreneurship skills to ensure stable livelihoods.The programme aims to provide an additional source of income to the youth, especially women. Rural households typically earn an average of ?6,500 per month, and many live below the poverty line. It involves intensive mobilisation and a year-long handholding period to ensure that they succeed at their entrepreneurial ventures.Youth are primarily provided training in different aspects of rural retail business and entrepreneurship. This is to train them to be mobile retailers or door-to-door salespeople. Eventually, some of them can set up a permanent store or even become local area stockists. In two years, over 1,270 youth have been trained as part of this project in West Bengal and Tamil Nadu.

PUBLIC HEALTHElimination of Mosquito-Borne Endemic Diseases (EMBED)Programme and needEMBED is a great example of how we are using shared value principles to further both business and social needs. Introduced in Madhya Pradesh in 2015, EMBED followed a feasibility study on Indian states that had a high incidence of vector-borne diseases, such as malaria and dengue.On analysing the problem, we realised that specifically, households and people at the bottom of the pyramid suffer from vector-borne and other diseases. To address this, we collaborated with non-profit organisations and the state government to run intensive behaviour change programmes in nine districts of Madhya Pradesh. We are also working with vulnerable and marginalised groups in tribal, hilly, and hard-to-reach areas to spread awareness about diseases.
Impact• The programme currently addresses 45 per cent of the malaria burden in Madhya Pradesh across nine districts, 3,000 villages, 700,000 households, and 3,500,000 people• In Phase I, 209 ASHA workers, 77 rural healthcare providers, 655 traditional healthcare providers, and 156 community volunteers have been trained on correct diagnosis treatment and/or referral of malaria cases• On the basis of government data from 2015 to 2017, at the end of the third year (intervention in nine districts), 81% of the targeted intervention villages had no malaria cases.
WASTE MANAGEMENTProgramme
Our efforts towards solid waste management extend beyond our manufacturing plants and immediate areas of operations. As part of our CSR efforts, we have commissioned and introduced community wastemanagement projects by using circular economy principles. For example, we have collaborated with Hyderabad and Kalyan-Dombivali Municipal Corporations to implement community waste management projects.NeedWaste disposal has hazardous impacts on the environment and society, particularly in developing countries, suchas India, where over 150,000 tonnes of municipal solid waste is generated per day. Solid waste accumulation is an increasing problem due to unsustainable wastemanagement practices and lack of proper waste treatment.ApproachWe have adopted a multi-stakeholder approach, designed to be economically viable, environmentally oriented, and socially inclusive.• Stakeholder engagement: Work with municipal corporations and municipalities to institute sustainable solutions and civil society organisations as well as social enterprises to identify and establish long-term projects.• Citizen’s ownership: Citizens need to take ownership of municipal solid waste management, and adoption of sustainable practices is crucial to success.• Tripartite partnership: Local municipality commits to providing land for segregation activities andrecycling. Godrej invests in technology, whereas social entrepreneurs invest in other capital expenditure. This tripartite partnership ensures that the entrepreneur has a higher chance of success.• 
Financial sustainability: It is essential that the project has built-in revenue streams to ensure long-term financial sustainability. Revenue can come from composting wet waste, selling recycled products, converting plastic to pellets for recycling, etc.• Social inclusion: Segregation and recycling relies heavily on informal workers who collect, sort, and recycle the waste. Social inclusion projects cater to waste pickers by integrating them into the formal system, as well asproviding safe working conditions, social safety nets, child labour restrictions, etc.ImpactThe projects helped divert over 25 MT of waste per day from landfill at each location. They are tackling different waste streams and demonstrating effective waste management solutions. However, the approach remains the same across locations, partners, and projects. Each type of waste is further segregated and made into final products that are fed as inputs to other industries, in line with the principles of circular economy.
RURAL ELECTRIFICATION
ProgrammeWe provide decentralised, off-grid renewable energy systems through community-level installations in rural India.NeedElectricity is central to development in any modern economy. While access to electricity has improved over the years,in several of India’s remote locations, severe shortage of electricity continues to hinder daily life and full-fledged development.ApproachThe installation and commissioning of micro-grids generate employment both for unskilled and skilled labour. We employ unskilled people for mechanical and civil works, such as erecting module mounting structures, solar modules, and the civil foundation.Through our rural electrification initiative, we provide decentralised, off-grid renewable energy systems
We have also trained selected people on the installation and commissioning of micro-grids. These trained professionals will be responsible for maintaining the micro-grids and imparting the training to other youth in their communities.ImpactThis programme is one of the few that has the power to transform lives from the day the systems come into place. The domestic micro-grids bring light to homes, which ensures that children can study in evenings, women can cook in safety, and community members have longer productive hours to engage in other income-generation activities.Although the initiative is primarily aimed at domestic electrification, a few micro-grids also provide energy for water pumps, which enables marginal farmers to grow more than one crop and almost double their income within 1-2 years. Hundred energy-dark villages in Andhra Pradesh,Madhya Pradesh and Uttarakhand are now powered by mini and micro grids sponsored by us.

WATERSHED MANAGEMENTOur integrated watershed development project will help restore the ecological balance in the drought-prone district of Siddipet in Telangana. Currently, groundwater levels are lower than 400 ft in many areas; as a result, farmers are under acute pressure.Our efforts are designed to recharge groundwater and make more water available for irrigation over a total area of over 3,300 hectares and plantation of approximately 4,00,000 saplings. We have completed the capacity building phase and will begin full implementation in fiscal year 2019-20.We are partnering with NABARD and PEACE, a local NGO, to work with local communities to ensure their buy-in, create civil structures to capture rainwater at appropriate places, build capacity of local communities in water management, and train on sustainable agricultural practices.
COMMUNITY INITIATIVESAfter receiving valuable stakeholder input from third- party community needs assessments at our priority plantlocations, we are now implementing a range of high-impact community development programmes on social and environmental aspects. These are focused on improving education, water, health, and sanitation and skill building initiatives in and around our manufacturing facilities.DONATIONSEvery year, we make strategic donations to support skill development, employability, sports, arts and culture, and critical cancer ailment support.
Dugouts built by the residents of Seddipet, Telangana, as part of our watershed programme
VOLUNTEERING
Our multi-faceted volunteering platform provides a range of opportunities for Godrejites to contribute their time and skills in community activities.BRIGHTER GIVINGThese are long-term volunteering opportunities to help make a meaningful impact. Every year, volunteers take up projects that address the needs of a nonprofit. We partner with Goodera and iVolunteer to scope and source these projects that range from building an NGO’s marketing plan to helping revamp their websites and recruit for their leadership roles.GODREJ GLOBAL VOLUNTEERING DAYThis is our annual day of community service. In 2018, over 1,120 of our team members across the globe volunteered their time to improve teaching and learning experiencesin 38 schools and institutions. They conducted engaging
activities and reached out to over 5,230 children. Our theme was around ‘Dreams’, and volunteers helped children explore their aspirations and talents. Most children we engaged with are first-generation learners from their family, and through this interaction, we hoped to encourage them to grow into passionate and well-rounded individuals.In Mumbai, we took a step further and hosted our very first Godrej LOUD for Kids, an extension of our Live Out Ur Dream (LOUD) platform to children from our volunteering partner schools. In total, 300 Mumbai volunteers engaged with over 2,000 students. We received an overwhelming response with over 1,700 applications that ranged from education support, career guidance, and mentorshipto sports coaching, art training, and support for social development initiatives.The finale brought students together to share their dreams and their plans to achieve them. We chose nine winners across six schools who will go on to live out their dreams in the next year.
Talking to children about their aspirations at schools in India on Godrej Global Volunteering Day 2018
Top and Middle: Our team members volunteered at schools in Indonesia and Johannesburg on Godrej Global Volunteering Day 2018Bottom: The winners of Godrej LOUD 2018 for Kids

MUMBAI MARATHONIn January 2019, 47 of our Godrej Group team members completed the Tata Mumbai Marathon in support of Teach for India and raised over ?9,00,000 to bring quality education to children from low-income families across India.WORLD ENVIRONMENT DAYEvery year, on World Environment Day, our team members host celebrations and spread awareness about the effects of our actions on the environment. We organise tree plantation drives around the communities of our manufacturing plants, cleanliness drives in collaboration with local panchayat and municipal corporations, and awareness sessions in local schools among other activities. In fiscal year 2018-19, over 830 of our team members participated in these activities.
PAYROLL GIVINGOur team members support our three non-profit partners directly through payroll giving. In fiscal year 2018-19, 48 Godrejites contributed approximately ?3,00,000 in support of education, health, and safety of children and environment preservation and conservation.As a part of our disaster relief efforts, we provide support to areas affected by natural disasters through contributions from Godrejites and matching grants from the Group. In 2018, our employees contributed ?20,03,982 towards flood relief efforts in Kerala.
 
STATUTORY REPORTS
I.II.
Board’s ReportCorporate Governance Report
138160
BOARD’S REPORT
Dear Members,Your Directors, with great pleasure, present the Annual and Integrated Report for the year ended March 31, 2019.1. RESULTS OF OUR OPERATIONS Fiscal year 2018-19 was a mixed bag. While the India business continued to deliver strong profits and increased profit margins to industry leading levels, it was a challenging year for top-line growth. Our soaps, hair colour and air freshener categories performed relatively well. However, our largest category, household insecticides, was significantly impacted by a surge in illegal and unsafe mosquito incense sticks and an unfavourable season. We are taking numerous corrective actions to recover our performance over the next year.
This has been an active year on innovations, with multiple new products launched across categories. Godrej protekt Mr. Magic hand wash is the first ever powder-to-liquid hand wash, designed to be more environmentally sustainable,while also democratising the low penetration hand wash category. We extended our Cinthol portfolio to foray into the growing male grooming category, with a  range of multi-benefit products forthe face, body, hair and beard. Through Godrej Nupur Natural Henna Based Hair Colour, we are extending our strong henna play to the herbal-based powder hair colour segment. In Goodknight, we introduced Power Chip, an electric solution infused with unique gel technology, a higher
efficacy liquid vapouriser and 100 per cent natural mosquito repellent incense sticks.On a consolidated basis, we reported a comparable sales growth of 7 per cent (excluding the UK business which was divested during the year) and a comparable PAT growth of 40 per cent (excluding the UK business).An overview on the performance of the Company’s  subsidiaries in various geographies is givenseparately in the Board’s Report.The Shareholders may also refer to the Management Discussion & Analysis Section which gives more details on the functioning ofthe Company.

The financial performance of your Company for the fiscal year under review is summarised as follows:Consolidated	StandaloneFinancials Abridged Profit and Loss Statement
` (Crore)
2. APPROPRIATIONYour Directors recommend appropriation as under:
Appropriation
Fiscal Year 2018-19
Fiscal Year 2017-18
`(Crore)	`(Crore)Surplus at the Beginning of the Year	2,982.46	2,722.50Less: Remeasurements of Defined Benefit Plans	0.17	1.97Add: Net Profit for the Year	1,754.98	999.87Available for Appropriation	4,737.27	3,720.40Less: Interim Dividends	1,226.52	613.12Less: Tax on Distributed Profits	252.11	124.82Surplus Carried Forward	3,258.64	2,982.463. CHANGE IN CAPITAL STRUCTUREDuring the year, the Company has increased its authorised share capital from ` 70 crore to ` 104 crore. The shareholders vide their resolution dated September 5, 2018, had approved the issue of Bonus shares in the ratio of 1:2, that is, one bonus equity share of `1 each for every two fully paid-up equity shares held. Accordingly, the Company has issued and allotted 34,07,22,032 equity shares after which the post issue paid up capital of the Company increased from ` 68.13 crore to ` 102.22 crore.4. DIVIDENDA. Dividend DeclaredDuring the fiscal year 2018-19, the following interim dividends were declared on shares of face value of `1 each.Declared at the Board Meeting DatedDividend Rate Per Share on Shares of Face Value of `1 EachRecord DateMay 8, 20187.00*May 16, 2018July 30, 20182.00*August 7, 2018November 2, 20184.00November 14, 2018January 29, 20192.00February 6, 2019*Note: The dividend declared on May 8, 2018 and July 30, 2018 are on the pre-bonus paid-up capital, and all the subsequent dividends are on the post-bonus paid-up capital. Subsequent to the close of fiscal year 2018-19, the Board has declared an interim dividend of `2 per equity share. The record date for the same is May 13, 2019. This dividend will be accounted in fiscal year 2019-20.
B. Dividend Distribution Policy The Board of Directors adopted the Dividend Distribution Policy pursuant to the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Regulations), which requires the top 500 listed companies (by market capitalisation) to formulate the same. The Company’s Dividend Distribution Policy may also be accessed through thefollowing link[1].5. BOARD OF DIRECTORSA. Number of Meetings and Appointment of Directors
Four Board meetings were held during the year. The details of the meetings and the attendance record of the Directors are in the Corporate Governance  section of the Annual Report.B. Appointment/Reappointment/ Retirement of DirectorsMr. Sumeet Narang was appointed as an Additional Independent Director at the Board meeting held on January 29, 2019, with effect from April1, 2019. Sumeet has experience of making investments in businesses in emerging categories in India and working
closely with management teams in scaling business. Sumeet’s appointment will enable GCPL to leverage his significant expertise and perspective to guide GPCL’s growth strategy.Mr. Bharat Doshi’s tenure of 5 years is ending on September 25, 2019, and he has expressed his desire to not offer himself for reappointment for another term. The Board of Directors places on record its sincere appreciation of the contribution made byMr. Doshi during his tenure on the Board.
[1] http://www.godrejcp.com/Resources/uploads/codes-and-policies/dividend_distribution_policy.pdf
The first term of 5 years of Mr. Narendra Ambwani is ending on July 27, 2019. Thefirst term of 5 years of Mr. Aman Mehta, Dr. Omkar Goswami and Ms. Ireena Vittal is ending on September 25, 2019. Based on their successful performance evaluations, the  Nomination and Remuneration Committee has recommended theirreappointment for a second term as follows:Mr. Narendra Ambwani - Term from July 28, 2019 to November14, 2023Mr. Aman Mehta - Term from September 26, 2019 to August31, 2021Ms. Ireena Vittal and Dr. Omkar Goswami - Term of 5 years from September 26, 2019 toSeptember 25, 2024The special resolutions  for the above reappointments are included in the notice of theAnnual General Meeting (AGM).In the forthcoming AGM, Mr. Nadir Godrej andMr. Jamshyd Godrej will retire by rotation and being eligible will be considered for re-appointment.C. Audit Committee of the Board of DirectorsYour Company has an Audit Committee in compliance with Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 18 of Listing Regulations. The Committee consists entirelyof the Independent Directors Mr. Bharat Doshi, Mr. Narendra Ambwani, Dr. Omkar Goswami, Mr. Aman Mehta, Ms. Ireena Vittal, Ms. Ndidi Nwuneliand Ms. Pippa Armerding as members. Mr. Sumeet Narang has also been appointed as a
member of the Audit Committee with effect from April 1, 2019, consequent to his appointment on the Board as an Independent Director. Mr Bharat Doshi has stepped down as the Chairman of the Committee from April 1, 2019 and Mr Aman Mehta has been appointed as the Chairman of the Committee with effect from the same date.D. Declaration from Independent DirectorsAll the Independent Directors have given their declaration confirming that they meet the criteria of independence as prescribed under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations, and the same has been noted by the Board of Directors.E. Familiarisation Programmes Several familiarisation programmes for the Independent Directors were conducted during the year, covering topics like Annual Operating Plan for fiscal year 2018-19, update on key amendment to the SEBI Listing Regulations and actionablesfor the Company arising out of the amendments and in-depth presentation on household insecticides business by the business head. Additionally, at all the Board meetings, detailed presentations covering business performance and financial updates were made. The number of hours of the familiarisation programmes conducted may be accessed through the following link[2].F. Board Diversity PolicyThe Company has in place a Board Diversity Policy, which is attached as Annexure ‘A’.The criteria for determining qualification, positive attributes and independence of Directors
are as per the Board Diversity Policy, Listing Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013.G. Remuneration PolicyThe Company’s Remuneration Policy for Directors, key managerial personnel (KMP) and other employees is attached as Annexure ‘B’.The Company’s total rewards framework aims at holistically using elements such as fixed and variable compensation, long-term incentives, benefits and perquisites, and non- compensation elements (career development, work- life balance and recognition). The Non-Executive Directors receive sitting fees and commission in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.H. Remuneration to Directors The remuneration of Directors is in accordance with the remuneration policy formulatedin accordance with various rules and regulations for the time being in force. The  disclosure on the details of remuneration to Directors and other employees pursuant to Section 197 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)Rules, 2014 is given under Annexure ‘C’. The information required under Rule 5(2) and Rule 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is not being sent along  with this report. However, this annexure is available on the Company website. Members who are interested in obtaining these particulars may writeto the Company Secretary at the Registered Office of the Company. The aforesaidannexure is also available for
[2] http://www.godrejcp.com/Resources/uploads/compliance_other_updates/FamiliarisationProgrammeIndependentDirectors_11042019.pdf
inspection at the Registered Office of the Company during working hours, up to the date  of the AGM. Mr. Adi Godrej, Chairman Emeritus; Ms. Nisaba Godrej, Executive Chairperson; and Mr. Vivek Gambhir, Managing Director and CEO, receive remuneration fromyour Company.I. Performance Evaluation of the Board of Directors, its Individual Members and its CommitteesWe conducted a formal Board effectiveness review, as part of our efforts to evaluate the performance of our  Board and identify areas that needimprovement in order to enhance the effectiveness of the  Board, its Committees, and IndividualDirectors. This was in line with the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations. The Corporate HR team of Godrej Industries Limited and Associate Companies worked directly with the Chairperson and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board to design and execute this process. It was later adopted by the Board.Each Board Member completed a confidential online questionnaire, sharing vital feedback on how the Board currently operates and how itseffectiveness could be improved. This survey included four sections on the basis of which feedback and suggestions were compiled:• Board processes• Individual Committees• Individual Board Members• ChairpersonThe criteria for Board processes included Board composition, strategic orientation and team
dynamics. Evaluation of each of the Board Committees covered whether they have well-defined objectives and the correct composition, and whether they achieved their objectives. The criteria for Individual Board Membersincluded skills, experience, level of preparedness, attendance, extent of contribution to Board debates and discussion, and how each Director leveraged their expertise and networksto meaningfully contribute to the Company. The criteria for the Chairperson’s evaluation included leadership style and conduct of Board meetings.The performance evaluation criteria for Independent Directors included a check on their fulfilment of the independence criteria and their independence from the management.The following reports were created as part of the evaluation:• Board Feedback Report• Individual Board Member Feedback Report• Chairperson’s Feedback ReportThe overall Board Feedback was facilitated by Mr. Bharat Doshi with the Independent Directors. The Directors were not only vocal regarding the Board functioning effectively but also identified areasthat showed scope for improvement. Feedback from the Committees and Individual Board Members was shared with the Chairperson. Following her evaluation, a Chairperson’s Feedback Report was compiled.J. Directors’ Responsibility StatementPursuant to the provisions contained in Section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013,
your Directors, based on the representation received from the Operating Management, and after due inquiry, confirm the following:a) In the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable accounting standards have been followed, and no material departures have been made from the sameb) They have selected such accounting policies and applied them  consistently and made judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company at the end of the fiscal year and of the profit of the Company for that periodc) They have taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with theprovisions of the Companies Act, 2013 for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularitiesd) They have prepared the annual accounts on a going concern basise) They have laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the Company, and such internal financial controls are adequate and operating effectivelyf) They have devised a proper system to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws, and this system is adequate and operating effectively
6. Transfer to IEPFIn accordance with the applicable provisions of Companies Act, 2013 read with Investor Education and Protection Fund (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (‘IEPF Rules’), all unclaimed dividends are required to be transferred by the Company to the IEPF, after completion of 7 years.Further, according to IEPF Rules, the shares on which dividend has not been claimed by the shareholders for seven consecutive years ormore shall be transferred to the demat account of the IEPF authority. Accordingly, `86,83,307 of unpaid/ unclaimed dividends and 9,22,131 shares (including 8,35,029 bonus shares declared in September2018) were transferred during the financial year 2018-19 to the Investor Education and Protection Fund.The Company has appointed a Nodal Officer under the provisions of IEPF Regulations, the details of which are available on the website of the Company, which can be accessed through thefollowing link[3].The Company has uploaded the details of unpaid and unclaimed amounts lying with the  Company as on July 30, 2018 (date of last AGM) on the Company’s website, which can be accessed through the following link[4] and of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs website at www.iepf.gov.in.7. FinanceA. Loans, Guarantees and InvestmentsThe details of loans, guarantees and investments as required by the provisions of Section 186of the Companies Act,  2013, and the rules made thereunder are set out in the Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements of the Company.B. 
Related Party Transactions In compliance with the Listing Regulations, the Company has a policy for transactions with Related Parties (RPT Policy). During the year, the Company has revised its Policy on dealing with Materiality of Related PartyTransactions, in accordance with the amendments to the applicable provisions of the Listing Regulations. The RPT Policyis available on the Company website, which can be accessed through the following link[5].Apart from the Related Party Transactions in the ordinary course of business and on arm’s length basis, the details of which are given in the notes to financial statements, no otherrelated party transactions require disclosure in the Board’s Report, for compliance with Section 134(3)(h) of the Companies Act, 2013. Therefore, the disclosure of Related Party Transactions as required under Section 134(3)(h) of the Companies Act, 2013 in Form AOC-2 is not applicable.8. Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint VentureDuring the year, the following company became a subsidiary of your Company:• Godrej CP Malaysia BHDDuring the year, the following companies have ceased to be the subsidiaries of your Company:• Argencos SA on account of its merger with Laboratoria Cuenca• Godrej Consumer Products UK Ltd. on account of divestment of stake in that CompanyDuring the year, the following company has ceased to be the Joint Venture of your Company:• 
Godrej Easy IP Holding Ltd.A. Report on the Performance of Subsidiaries and Associates The business details of the key subsidiaries are provided inthe Management Discussion & Analysis section of this Annual Report. While the Review of Operations section  mentions the details regarding the performance of your Company’s India business, we provide brief details on the performance of other clusters below:IndonesiaOur Indonesia business posted a strong turnaround in fiscal year 2019, growing by 11 per cent in constant currency terms, recovering from the 6 per cent top-line decline in the previous fiscal. Our growth was led by HIT, with strong share revival backed by at-scale media investments, break-the-clutter communication and strategic trade spends. This fiscal was also a milestone year for usin terms of innovation, with the highest ever new productlaunches in a year. We had four strong launches this year, all aimed at category development and with strong product differentiation. In household insecticides, we launched Long Lasting Paper (LLP) underthe expert platform that we launched in the previous fiscal. LLP is a superior overnight solution, longer lasting as well as more effective than coil; it targets upgrading coil users and gained a share of the coil market, a segment we earlier did not compete in. We also forayed into other pests, bylaunching HIT Roach Aerosol, as part of our strategy to address market whitespaces. In air care, we launched the parfumist
[3] http://www.godrejcp.com/investors.aspx#shareholder-information[4] http://www.godrejcp.com/unclaimed-dividend.aspx[5] http://www.godrejcp.com/Resources/uploads/codes-and-policies/RelatedPartyTransactionsPolicy_010419.pdf
platform, a range of  premium air fragrancing solutions. Under this platform, we launched a new Matic during the festive Lebaran season, aimed at driving upgrades in-home, and Twist, a car dashboard solution, aiming to drive car air freshener penetration. HIT Expert Aerosol, launched in the previous fiscal, continued to do well and build strong equity for the overall HIT Aerosol portfolio. We backed all our new products with strong media and trade investments.We also focused on cost savings through direct cost and fixed overhead optimisations  to enable strong investments in brand and channel building. Our margins expanded this fiscal, with bottom line growing well ahead of top line. We  continue to focus sharply on category development with breakthrough innovation, strong brand building and driving balanced growth across our portfolio.Africa, Middle East and USA Fiscal year 2019 was a challenging year for our Africa, Middle East and US business cluster. The overall business grew by 5 per cent in constant currency terms. On top line, while most countries performed moderately well, we faced slowdown in South Africa due to macro-economic challenges. We faced favourable currency movement due to which the Rupee translation was better at 12 per cent. We faced bottom- line challenges due to inventory aging issues given the nature of fashion in the dry hair market. Despite a challenging year,we focused on strengthening the fundamentals for future.We turned around the Kenya business, driven by an enhanced operating model. Brand building through the Darling re-launched
drove strong top-line growth in Nigeria. The US business, Strength of Nature, grew strongly despite soft macrofactors, driven by our entry into the naturals space. We also established strong beach heads in Tanzania and Zambia. Going forward, our focus would be to strengthen margins, strategically drive ‘Fast Fashion’ to avoid inventory issues and drive faster ramp-up of wet hair.Latin AmericaOur Argentina business was mired in unprecedented macro- economic challenges this year, with the highest ever currency devaluation in recent years driven by  hyper-inflation  and the economy shrinking. The business performed well on top line, with 34 per cent growth in constant currency terms, driven by our gaining volume share while also increasing prices well ahead of inflation. However, due to the currency devaluation,this did not translate in Rupee terms. We also faced bottom- line pressures this year, with working capital requirements increasing.Our Chile business too faced strong  macro  headwinds with heightened competitive intensity and the categoryin some of our key-channels de-growing. As a result, our top-line declined by 13  per cent in constant  currency terms with muted performance on bottom line as well, driven by increased trade spendsto counter competition and working capital requirements.Looking ahead, we will focus disproportionately on margin improvement and working capital management to turn our Latin America businesses around.
United KingdomWe  divested our UK business in Q2, this fiscal, in line with  our overall GCPL-wide strategy of focusing on our core categories—home insecticides, personal care, hair care andair care.B. Policy on Material Subsidiaries In compliance with the Listing Regulations, the Board has adopted a policy for determining material subsidiaries. This policy is available on the Company website, which can be accessed through the following link[6].C. Financial PerformanceA statement containing the salient features of financial statementsof subsidiaries/joint venture companies of the Company in the prescribed Form AOC-1 formsa part of consolidated financial statements (CFSs) in compliance with Section 129 (3) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Accounts)Rules, 2014.The said form also highlights the financial performance of each of the subsidiaries and joint venture companies included in the CFS of the Company pursuant  to Rule 8(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.9. SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION, PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013The Company has  complied with the provisions relating  to the constitution of the Internal Committee in compliance with Sexual Harassment of Women atWorkplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 to consider and resolve all sexual harassment complaints reported by women. During the year, in-person and e-learning workshops were
[6] http://www.godrejcp.com/Resources/uploads/codes-and-policies/PolicyonMaterialSubsidiaries.pdf
conducted to create awareness regarding sexual harassment among employees. There was one complaint during the calendar year 2018, and hence, the Committee filed one complaint report withthe concerned authorities, in compliance with Section 22 of the aforementioned act.10. TALENT MANAGEMENT AND SUCCESSION PLANNING Your Company has the talent management process in place with an objective of developinga robust talent pipeline for the organisation which includes the senior leadership team. As  part of the talent process, we identify critical positions and assess the succession coverage for them annually. During this process, we also review the supply of talent, identify high potential employeesand plan talent actions to meet the organisation’s talent objectives.We continue to deploy leadership development initiatives to build succession for key roles.11. ANNUAL RETURNIn compliance with the provisions Section 134(3)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Annual Returnof the Company as per Section 92(3) of the Act is available on the Company website, which can be accessed through the following link[7].12. RISK MANAGEMENTThe Company has a well-defined process in place to ensure appropriate identification and mitigation of risks. The Risk Management Committee of the Company has been entrusted by the Board with the responsibility of identification and mitigation plans for the ‘Risks that Matter’.Elements of risks to the Company are listed in the Management[7] http://www.godrejcp.com/annual-reports.aspx
Discussion and Analysis Section of the Annual and Integrated Report.13. VIGIL MECHANISMYour Company has adopted a Whistle Blower Policy as a part of its vigil mechanism. The purpose of the policy is to enable any person (employees, customers or vendors) to raise concerns regarding unacceptable improper practices and/or any unethical practicesin the organisation without the knowledge of the management. All employees shall be protected from any adverse action for reporting any unacceptable or improper practice and/or any unethical practice,fraud or violation of any law, rule or regulation. This policy is also applicable to the Directors  of the Company.Mr. V Swaminathan, Head- Corporate Audit and Assurance, has been appointed as the ‘Whistle Blowing Officer’, and his contact details have been mentioned in the policy. Furthermore, employeesare also free to communicate their complaints directly to the Chairman/ Member of the Audit Committee,as stated in the policy. The policy is available on the internal employee portal as well as the Company’s website and can be accessed through the following link[8]. The Audit Committee reviews reports made under this policy and implements corrective actions, wherever necessary.14. ANNEXURESA. Disclosure on Conservation of Energy, TechnologyAbsorption, Foreign Exchange Earnings and OutgoAnnexure ‘D’ of this Report provides information onthe conservation of energy, technology absorption, foreign exchange earnings and outgo as required under Section 134
(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, which forms a part of theBoard’s Report.B. Corporate Social ResponsibilityYour Company has a well- documented Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy, and the same is available on the website of the Company under the following link[9]. The CSR Report along with details of CSR projects are provided in Annexure ‘E’ to this Report.C. Employee Stock Option SchemeThe Company has a stock  option scheme named as ‘Employee Stock Grant Scheme, 2011’. The number and the resulting value of stock grants to be given to eligible employeesis decided by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which is based on the closing market price on the date of the grants. The grants vest in one or more tranches as per the decision of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee  with a minimum vesting period of 1 year from the grant date. Upon vesting, the eligible employee can exercise the grants and acquire equivalent shares of face value `1. The difference between the market price at the time of grant and the market price on the date of exerciseis the gross gain/loss to the employee. The details of the grants allotted under Godrej Consumer Products Limited Employee Stock Grant Scheme, 2011, as also the disclosuresin compliance with SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014, and Section
[8] http://www.godrejcp.com/Resources/uploads/codes-and-policies/WhistleBlowerPolicy.pdf[9] http://www.godrejcp.com/Resources/uploads/codes-and-policies/CSRPolicy.pdf
62 1(b) read with Rule 12(9) of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 are set out in Annexure ‘F’. Your Company has not given loan to any person under anyscheme for or in connection with the subscription or purchase of shares in the Company or the holding Company. Hence, there are no disclosures on voting rights not directly exercised by the employees with respect to the shares to which thescheme relates.15. LISTINGThe shares of your Company are listed at the BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited. The applicable annual listing fees have been paid to the Stock Exchanges before the due dates.Your Company is also listed on the Futures & Options Segment of the National Stock Exchange of India.16. BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORTPursuant to Regulation 34 of the Listing Regulations, the Business Responsibility Report highlighting the initiatives taken by the Company in the areas of environment, social, economic and governance is available on the website of the Company, which can be accessed through the following link[10].17. AUDITORS AND AUDITORS’ REPORTA. Statutory AuditorsIn accordance with Section 139 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made thereunder, M/s. B S R and Co., LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Regn. No.101248W/W-100022) has been appointed as the statutory auditor to hold office from the conclusion of the 17th AGM on July 31, 2017 until the conclusion of the 22nd AGM in the year 2022, at a remuneration as may be approved by the Board.[10] http://www.godrejcp.com/annual-reports.aspxB. 
Cost AuditorsThe Company is maintaining requisite cost records  for the applicable products of the Company. Pursuant todirections from the Department of Company Affairs, M/s. P.M. Nanabhoy and Co., Cost Accountants, were appointed as cost auditors for the applicable products of the  Company  for the fiscal year 2018-19. They are required to submit the report to the Central Government within 180 days from the end of the accounting year.C. Secretarial AuditorsThe Board had appointed M/s. A. N. Ramani and Co., Company Secretaries,Practising Company Secretary, to conduct a secretarial audit for the fiscal year 2018-19. The Secretarial Audit Report for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019 is attached herewith as Annexure ‘G’. The Secretarial Audit Report does not contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark.18. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Your Company continues to enjoy a Corporate Governance Rating of CGR2+ (pronounced CGR 2 plus) and a Stakeholder Value Creation and Governance Rating of SVG1(pronounced SVG one). The ‘+’ sign indicates a relatively high standing within the category  indicated  by the rating. The aforementioned ratings are on a scale of 1 to 6, where 1 is the highest rating.The two ratings indicate whether a company is being run on theprinciples of corporate governance and whether the practices followed by the company lead to value creation for all its shareholders. The CGR2 rating is on a scale of CGR1 to CGR6, where CGR1 denotesthe highest rating. The CGR2+ rating implies that according to ICRA’s current opinion, the rated
company has adopted and follows such practices, conventions and codes that would provide its financial stakeholders a high level of assurance of the quality of corporate governance.The SVG1 rating is on a scale of SVG1 to SVG6, where SVG1 denotes the highest rating. TheSVG1 rating implies that according to ICRA’s current opinion, the company belongs to the highest category of the composite parameters of stakeholder value creation and management as well as corporate governance practices.Pursuant to the Listing Regulations, the Report on Corporate Governance is included in the Annual and Integrated Report. The Practicing Company Secretary’s Certificate certifying the Company’s compliance with the requirements of corporate governance, in terms of the Listing Regulations, is attached as Annexure ‘H’.19. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSISManagement Discussion and Analysis as stipulated under the Listing Regulations is presented in a separate section forming a part of this Annual and Integrated Report.20. CONFIRMATIONS• Your Company is in compliance with the Secretarial Standards on Meetings of the Board of Directors (SS-1) and Secretarial Standards on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI).• There have been no material changes and commitments affecting the financial position of the Company which have occurred between the March 31, 2019 and the date of this Board’s Report (i.e. May 3, 2019).
• There have been no instances of frauds reported by the auditors under Section 143(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules framed thereunder, either to the Company or to the Central Government.• During the Financial Year 2018- 19, there were no significant and material orders passed by the regulators or Courts or Tribunals which can adversely impactthe going concern status of the Company and its operationsin future.21. APPRECIATIONYour Directors wish to extend their sincere thanks to the employees of the Company, central andstate governments as well as the government agencies, banks, customers, shareholders, vendors and other related organisations that have helped in your Company’s progress, as partners, through their continued support andco-operation.For and on behalf of the Board ofDirectors        Nisaba Godrej Executive ChairpersonMumbai, May 03, 2019ANNEXURE ‘A’BOARD DIVERSITY POLICYThe Company is committed to equality of opportunity in all aspects of its business and does not discriminateon the grounds of nationality, race, colour, religion, caste, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, age or maritalstatus. The Company recognises merit
and continuously seeks to enhance the effectiveness of its Board. The Company believes that for effective corporate governance, the Board should have the appropriate balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives. Board appointments will be made on a merit basis, and candidates will be considered on the basis of objective criteria, with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. The Board believes that such merit-based appointments will best enable the Company to serve its stakeholders. The Board willregularly review this policy to ensure its effectiveness.ANNEXURE ‘B’GCPL TOTAL REWARDS POLICYGCPL’s Total Rewards Framework aims at holistically using elements suchas fixed and variable compensation, long-term incentives, benefits and perquisites and non-compensation elements (career development, work- life balance and recognition).HighlightsThe rewards framework offers employees the flexibility to customise different elements based on need.The framework is also integrated with GCPL’s performance and talent management processes and is designed to ensure sharply differentiated rewards for our best performers.The total compensation for a given position is influenced by the following three factors: position, performance and potential. As a broad principle, for high performers and potential employees, GCPL strives to deliver total compensation at the 90th percentile of the market.
Total Cash CompensationThe employees’ total cash compensation has the following three components:1. ‘Fixed Compensation’ comprising the basic salary and retirement benefits such as the provident fund and gratuity2. ‘Flexible Compensation’ comprising a fixed  predetermined  component of the employees’ compensation. Employees can allocate this amount to different components, as per their grade eligibility, defined at the start of each fiscal year3. ‘Variable Compensation (Performance-Linked Variable Remuneration)’ comprising employee rewards for delivering superior business results and individual performance. It is designed to provide a significant upside earning potential without a cap for overachieving business results. It has a ‘Collective’ component, linked to theachievement of specified business results, measured by ‘Economic Value Added’ or other related metrics, relative to the target  set for a given fiscal year, and an ‘Individual’ component, based on employee’s performance, as measured by the performance management process.Long-Term Incentives (Employee Stock Grant Scheme)This scheme aims at driving a culture of ownership and focus on long-term results. It is applicable to Godrej Leadership Forum members. Under this scheme, performance-based stock grants are awarded. The value of the stock grant is proposed bythe management and approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
ANNEXURE ‘C’INFORMATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 197(12) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 5(1) OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014(i) The ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the fiscal year 2018-19; the percentage increase in the remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer and CompanySecretary during the fiscal year 2018-19; and the comparison of remuneration of each KMP against the performance of the Company are as follows:A. Whole-Time Directors, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary
Sr.No.
Name of the KMP	Designation
Per Cent Increase/ (Decrease) in Remuneration in the Fiscal Year 2018-19
Ratio of Median Remuneration of Each Director to the Median Remuneration Paid/ Payable to all Employees for Fiscal Year 2018-19
1	Mr. Adi GodrejChairman Emeritus(20.00)144.182	Ms. Nisaba GodrejExecutive Chairperson(19.00)123.473	Mr. Vivek GambhirManaging Director and CEO(33.00)311.264	Mr. V SrinivasanChief Financial Officer and Company Secretary(19.00)Not ApplicableRemuneration includes the actual performance-linked variable remuneration payable for the fiscal year on the basis of performance, profitability and optimum utilisation of capital.B. Non-Executive Directors
Sr. Name of Director No.
Per Cent Increase/(Decrease) in Remuneration in the Fiscal Year 2018-19 
Ratio of Remuneration of Each Director to the Median Remuneration Paid/Payable to all
Note:(i) Median remuneration of all the employees of the Company for the fiscal year 2018-19: `4.21 lakh.(ii) The percentage decrease in the median remuneration of employees in the fiscal year: 6.23 per cent.(iii) The number of permanent employees on the payrolls of the Company as on March 31, 2019 is 2781.(iv) The average percentile increase already made in the salaries of the employees other than the managerial personnel in the last fiscal year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof: Total managerial remuneration comprises the remuneration of the Whole-Time Directors and commission  paid to Non-Executive Directors. The Whole-Time Directors’ remuneration is as per the resolution approved by the shareholders and will not exceed 10 per cent of the Company’s net profits as permitted by the Companies Act, 2013.The Non-Executive Directors are also eligible for sitting fees of `1 lakh per Board meeting attended and `20,000   per Committee meeting attended. The shareholders at the AGM held on July 30, 2018, have authorized payment of commissions on profits to Non-Executive Directors at a rate not exceeding 1% of net profits of the Company with authority to the Board to determine the manner and proportion in which the amount is distributed among the Non- Executive Directors. The Board has authorised a base commission of `20 lakhs per annum to each Non-ExecutiveDirector. All the Independent Directors are paid an additional commission linked to their attendance at Audit Committee meetings, Nomination & Remuneration Committee meetings and Independent Directors’ meetings. Compared to the previous year, the actual sitting fees and additional commission linked to attendance in meetings have varied in case of some of the Non-Executive Directors. The average percentile change in the salary of employees other than managerial personnel is an increase of 1.66 per cent while that of Managerial Personnel is a decline of 27.74 per cent. Decline is largely on account of performance-linked variable remuneration.(v) Remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Company.
ANNEXURE ‘D’INFORMATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 134(3)(M) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH THE COMPANIES (ACCOUNTS) RULES, 2014, WITH RESPECTTO CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGOA. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY Steps taken or  impact  of initiatives for conservation of energy, and steps taken by the Company to use alternate sources of energyNORTH-EAST CLUSTEREnergy ConservationThe total capital investment on energy savings initiatives is `1.32 lakh, and savings in energy consumption is 0.83 lakh KWh per annum. The energy conservation initiatives are as follows:• Increased the air volume in mould pusher cylinder to reduce compressor load at Meghalaya Coil, resulting in saving of  14,976 KWh• Replaced the cooling tower water circulation pump from 10 HP to 5 HP at Sikkim, resulting in saving of 6,500 KWh• Friction Roller Feeders were installed in leaflet and booklet feeding in fast card machinery. Earlier we were using pneumatically operated booklet and leaflet feeders at New Conso, resulting in saving of 5,714 KWh• Replaced part of conventional lighting with LED lighting in the units, resulting in saving of 40,714 KWh• Installing sensor, limit switch, auto cut-off and occupancy sensors in admin areas, resulting in saving of 15,000 KWh
Water ConservationThe total capital investment on water conservation initiatives is `5.37 lakh, and savings in energy consumption is 350 KL per annum. The energyconservation initiatives are as follows:• Installation of screw conveyor in stamping machine, which reduced the wet dough moisture content  and increased the drier efficiency at Meghalaya Coil, resulting in saving of 78 KL per annum• Push type water tap installed at Lokhra II, resulting in saving of 72 KL per annum• DM water and distilled water receiver tank fixed with level controller to stop over flow of water from the receiver, resulting in saving of 200 KL per annumAwards Won• Certificate of Appreciation from National Safety Council for Aer and Meghalaya units• Occupational Health and Safety Innovation Awards 2018 by UBM group—GCPL Lokhra 2 and Kalapahar Coil unitsNORTH CLUSTERThe total capital investment on energy savings initiatives is `18.05 lakh, and savings in energy consumption is6.78 lakh KWh per annum, which is equivalent to `44 lakh. The energy conservation initiatives are as follows:• Interlocking of Plodder and Conveyor system• Installation of energy-efficient compressors• Optimisation of Chiller operation• Automation in BOPP tape machine• Voltage optimisation, reducing 420 V to 400 V at Kathua• Downsize of root blower motor at Thana Plant• 
Installed the VFD for cooling tower circulation pump and vacuum pump at Bari BrahamanaCENTRAL WEST CLUSTEREnergy ConservationThe total capex utilised for energy conservation measures is `1.41 crores. The energy conservation measures are as follows:• Installed LED lights, leading to saving in power consumption by 55,000 KWh/annum• Replaced old air conditioners with energy-efficient air conditioners, leading to saving in power consumption by 50,000 KWh/ annum• Installed vacuum generators in place of watering pump in stamping machines, leading to saving in power consumption by 45,000 KWh/annumFuel Saving• Installed an IOT-based instrumentation system in RO2 for reducing steam consumption during the unloading of tankers, leading to saving of fuel by 81 MT/annum• Installed a water-based vacuum system in FADP3 for reducing steam consumption, leading to saving of fuel by 250 MT/annumAwards won by Malanpur unit:• Excellent Energy-Efficient Unit award—by CII’s ‘National Energy Award 2018’o First prize from MPPCB— ‘Environment Award under Red category of Industry’o Received JUSE award on 5’S concept by QCFISOUTH CLUSTERThe total capex utilised for energy conservation measures is `21.57 lakh. The energy conservation measures are as follows:
• Reduction in energy consumption by the installation of energy-efficient LED lightings, solar-based lightings, VFDs in high HP motors and reuse of flue gas for preheating purpose has resulted in saving of 1,26,570 KWh/year, covering five factories in Pondicherry, Karaikal and M Nagar.• Use of bio waste fuels in our hot air generators to the extent of 4,303 MT instead of furnace oil in our Pondicherry Coil Factory.Awards1. QCFI—Quality Circle—two gold awards and one silver award by MMN Team, two gold awards and three silver awards by Pondy units, three gold awards and one silver award by Karaikal units.2. QCFI Chennai—poka-yoke competition—platinum award by MMN Team.3. QCFI Chennai—Kaizen competition—won Outstanding and Excellence Award by South units.4. NCQC Gwalior—Par Excellence Award by MMN unit, Excellence Award by Conso unit and one Par Excellence/one Excellence Award by Karaikal team.5. QCFI Chennai—5S Competition— eight platinum and two gold awards won by South units.6. 5S Award from QCFI and JUSE (Union of Japanese Scientist Engineers) received by Conso unit.7. CII EHS Audit—One 5-star rating, two 4-star rating and one 3-star rating awards won.8. National Safety Councils Safety Award 2018—Certificate of Appreciation Won by Conso Unit for the fifth Consecutive Year.9. All our 5 units are certified for ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015 and ISO 45001:2018 standards.B. 
TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTIONThe research and development function of your organisation played a key role in ensuring the successful launches of the following products during the year 2018-19:1. Protekt—Mr. Magic Hand Wash2. Men’s Grooming Range3. Aer Matic Room Freshener4. Good Knight Natural Incense Stick5. Premium Aer Fresheners6. Nupur HBP7. Cinthol Deo ShotThe current year, like previous years, also saw a sharp focus on consumer-centric and relevant design-led innovation. The company put a lot of focus on innovation in new technologies, which gives value for money to the consumer.I. R&D product categories initiated by the Company1. Hair Care2. Skin Care3. Household Insecticides4. Customer Centricity5. Packaging Development6. Fabric Care7. Hygiene Products8. Air Care9. Dry HairII. 	Benefits derived as a result of the aforementioned R&D effortsR&D has played pivotal role in developing new technologies in air fresheners, hair colours,personal wash and HI areas. Strong R&D-led initiatives with innovative projects have resulted in successful launches of several new  products in the marketplace in the current financial year. The company has launched break through innovation first of its kind in the hand wash
category. R&D has played a pivotal role in improving cost optimisation across product categories by contributing through both product- and process-related innovations and improvements.We believe that the three key pillars of consumer centricity, new product development and training- led skill upgradation will continue to propel your Company aheadof competition in its strategy of innovation-led value creation.III. Future plan of actionR&D shall continue to play a key role in the advancement and successful execution of newer innovations in the marketplace, for both domestic and international business. Our R&D team shall constantly endeavour to deliver superior innovative products, thereby delighting, both domestic and international customers by:1. Ensuring successful commercial launches within hair care, household insecticides, room freshener and personal care categories for the coming year.2. Engaging in providing support on global innovation strategies for various product categories within our international businesses,and extending support on relevant product development for international markets.3. Focusing on newer consumer relevant product experiences within all categories such as skin care, household insecticides, hair care, air freshener and fabric care.4. Maintaining a strong focus on R&D training needs and people development.5. Partnering collaborations with external stakeholders and leading institutions.
IV. Expenditure on R&D` CroreFiscal Year 2018-19Fiscal Year 2017-18Capital0.120.25Recurring16.3814.91Total16.5015.16Total R&D expenditure as a percentage of total sales turnover0.300.29C. FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO:` CroreFiscal year 2018-19Fiscal year 2017-18I. Foreign exchange used448.53324.04II. Foreign exchange earned219.82197.69
ANNEXURE ‘E’ CSR REPORTA brief outline of the Company’s CSR policy, including an overview of projects or programmes proposed to be undertaken, with a URL to the CSR policy and initiativesA brief outline of the Company’s CSR policy, including an overview of projects or programmes  proposed to be undertaken, with a URL to the CSR policy and initiatives, GCPL is committed to the Godrej Group’s ‘Good & Green’ vision of creating amore inclusive and greener India. The Good & Green CSR policy focuses on addressing the critical social,environmental and economic needs of the marginalised and less privileged sections of society. Through our Good & Green CSR policy, we align our CSR strategy with the Godrej Group’s Good & Green vision and goals. We adopt an approach that integrates the solutions to these problems into the strategy of the Company to benefit communities at large and deliver social and environmental impact. The Company has framed a CSR policyin compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. The policy as well as projects and programmes under the CSR policy are available on the Company website, which can be accessed through the following link[11]
An overview of the projects or programmes undertaken during fiscal year 2018-19 is given below. We have aligned our programmes to national missions and priorities, and they are thus categorised.I. National Skills MissionA. Employability and Livelihoods At Godrej, we collaborate with non-profit organisations and social enterprises to  design and run several employability training programmes for youth from low-income sections of society. We aim to improvethe earning potential of our trainees by building their skills and empowering them. Apart from core domain skills, our programmes also focus on life skills training, entrepreneurship development and postplacement support.As of March 2019, we have trained over 3,63,080  youth in skills that will enhance theirearning potential. Our projects include• Salon-i, our beauty and hair care training• Life skills• Rural Intensificationi. 
Salon-i trains young girls and women in beauty and hair  care. Over 1,01,100 women have graduated from this programme in fiscal year 2018-19. The programme is currently operational in 300  centres across India. The curriculum is integrated with life skills and entrepreneurial modules to equip the candidates in starting their own enterprise, if they are so interested. The curriculum has been digitised and is  available as audio-visual content. Through our partnerships, approximately 60 per cent of our alumni have found jobs in beauty parlours, many of which are nationallyrecognised chains; the remaining work mainly as freelancersor micro-entrepreneurs. Furthermore, we reached out to women in the beauty and wellness industry across India to set up the ‘Beauty-preneur’ platform. This programme promotes entrepreneurship and enables women to start training other girls as wellas empowers these women entrepreneurs through life skills and entrepreneurship modules. Over 1100 women have joined the Beauty-preneur programme and are aiming to reach out to other women as well as grow their businesses.
[11] http://www.godrejcp.com/good-and-green.aspx
ii. We have developed a life skills curriculum for all our employability programmes across our  businesses. The life skills curriculum supplements the current employability courses. The modules equip our trainees with financial literacy, work readiness and critical skills, which will enable them to build stronger and more productive careers and lives. Interactive games and activities have beendeveloped for different target audiences under this project.iii. Rural Intensification: As a corollary to the employability and livelihoods programme, we have set up a project to identify and train unemployed women and youth in entrepreneurship skills to ensure a stable livelihoodfor them. The programme involves intensive mobilisation and a year-long handholding period to ensure that they succeed at their entrepreneurial ventures.Till date, over 1480 youth have been trained under this initiative.iv. We have completed an Social Returns on Investment (SROI) for the Salon-i programme, which showed an overall social return of 6.46 forevery rupee invested. The study details the value creation achieved by the programme in the lives of small and micro women entrepreneurs in the salon industry through enhanced skills and incremental agency in financial and non-financial decision making.B. Community Development Sustainability is an integral part of our business and value chain, and it helps us provide high-
quality and affordable goods to our 1.1 billion people globally, who use our products on any given day. Our stakeholders are also the communities that border our plant locations. To alignour CSR activities with both community needs and our Good & Green strategy, we conducted third-party community needs assessments at our priority plant locations.On the basis of valuable stakeholder input, we are now implementing a range of high- impact community development programmes primarily  to improve the quality of education in government schools around our manufacturing sites. We have primarily invested in education, water, sanitation and skill building initiatives across eight villages in and around our manufacturing facilities. Our interventions help to  improve the infrastructure in schoolsas well as the overall teaching learning environment.In fiscal year 2018-19, we focused on boostinginfrastructure of educational institutes in the vicinity  of our plants and  supported the construction and repair of classrooms, dining hall, sanitation and drinking waterfacilities and provided teaching and learning aids to four schools across Baddi (Himachal Pradesh), Guwahati (Assam), Karaikal (Pondicherry) andBari Brahmana (Jammu). In addition, we conducted a range of activities in local schools in Malanpur (Madhya Pradesh).II. Swachh Bharat MissionA. Elimination of Vector-Borne Endemic Diseases Elimination of Vector-Borne Endemic Diseases (EMBED) is an intensive community
awareness and behaviour change communication programme to combat malaria in regions that report high annual parasite index (API).Under the EMBED programme, we collaborate with non- governmental  organisations and governments, in an effort to reduce morbidity and mortality due to malaria.The approach towards the project is as follows:• Implement community need- based behaviour change communication interventions at the village and household level to spread awareness and encourage appropriate healthcare-seeking behaviour for prevention and control of mosquito borne diseases• Strengthen links with public and private health services in the prioritisedblocks to improve access to preventive, diagnostic and curative services• Evaluate the data to support scalability and  replicability of the project in other geographiesImpact:• The programme currently addresses 45 per cent of the malaria burden in Madhya Pradesh across 9 districts, 3000 villages, 7,00,000 households and 35,00,000 people• Till date, we have trained 3597 ASHA workers, 933 Rural Healthcare Providers, 3295 Ojhas/local healers and 2762 local community volunteers on correct diagnosis treatment  and/ or referral of malaria cases.Our outreach activities have resulted in 27,149 Gram
Chaupal sessions, and we have supported 8516 village health and nutrition days• Overall there has been a 66 per cent reduction in API across interventionvillages versus a 41 per cent reduction in API across non- intervention villages over 3 years• On the basis of government data, from 2015 to 2017,at the end of year 1 (intervention in two districts), 80 per cent of targeted intervention villages had reduced API and 23 per cent were using mosquito-bite prevention strategies; at the end of year 2 (interventionin six districts), 86 per cent  of targeted intervention villages had reduced  API and 21 per cent were using mosquito-bite prevention strategies. At the  end  of year 3 (intervention in nine districts), 81 per cent of the targeted intervention villages had no malaria casesB. Waste ManagementWe have initiated various community waste management projects across India. Some of these projects are as follows:• Urban waste management in MaharashtraWe are working withKalyan-Dombivali Municipal Corporation (KDMC) and Green Roots Solutionsto set up an integrated waste management facility at Kalyan, Maharashtra.The project is aimed to demonstrate zero garbage to landfill. The project involves setting up of25 TPD of biogas plant from wet waste, 5 TPD ofpyrolysis plant that converts multi-layer plastic (MLP)
into liquid fuel and a plastic recycling plant of 3 TPD to convert recyclable plastic into granules.III. Rural ElectrificationWe aim to create renewable energy ecosystems in rural India to address the  shortage of energy supply. The project provides decentralised, off-gridrenewable energy systems through community-level installationsin energy-dark villages in Uttarakhand and Madhya Pradesh.We extended the  project  to cover additional one village in Uttarakhand and 25 villages in Madhya Pradesh during 2018-19 by installing mini and micro solar grids during the year. With this, we reached out to 100 villages in total in the last couple of years inAndhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Uttarakhand.In addition, we invested in 13 solar irrigation systems in Madhya Pradesh, with each solar-powered pump set covering 6-10 farmers. Furthermore, we also provided training to the local youth andcarried out awareness programmes on the potential of renewable energy systems for meeting rural energy needs.IV. Watershed ManagementOur integrated watershed development project will help restore the ecological balance in the  drought-prone  district of Siddipet in Telangana. Ourefforts are designed to recharge groundwater and make more water available  for  irrigation over a total area of more than 3300 hectares and plantation of approximately 4 lakh saplings. We are also working to support farmers in adopting sustainable farming practices to mitigate the impacts of climate change. TheCapacity Building Phase covering an area of approximately 200 hectares was completed during
2017-18. Full Implementation Phase has started in 2018-19. Various interventions in over 500 Ha have been carried out by the end of January 2019.V. DonationsA. Support to flood-affected communities in Kerala: GCPL’s donation enabled SEEDS to provide permanent housing to flood-affected communities.B. Green chemistry: With the funding from GCPL, the Institute of Chemical Technology (ICT), Mumbai, has proposed to  set up a skill-development centre. The proposed centre has three objectives:• To develop training programmes for the characterisation of biologics and biopharmaceuticals• To establish a state-of-the art centre for biophysical and biochemical analysis for skill development fortraining students and provide a resource to the Indian biotechnology industry• To develop back?to?school programmes for industrial participants to honetheir skillsC. Olympic gold quest: The project aims to support 49 senior Indian athletes aspiring to  participate in Commonwealth, Asian and Olympic games by funding their training and sport equipment purchase as well as providing medical support.D. Donation to Udwada foundation to preserve cultural heritage: The project supports the extension of the Udwada resource centre to having audio-visual aid enablinga timely preservation and outreach of thecultural heritage.
E. Promote culture and music among children: GCPL supports the National Centre for Performing Arts in Mumbai to run school programmes to promote Indian musicand dance.VI. Composition of the CSR CommitteeThe composition of the CSR Committee during the year is as follows:1. Mr. Nadir Godrej, Chairman of the Committee2. Ms. Tanya Dubash, Director3. Ms. Nisaba Godrej, Executive Chairperson of the Board4. Mr. Vivek Gambhir, Managing Director and CEO5. Mr. Narendra Ambwani, Independent DirectorVII. Average net profit of the company in the last 3 fiscal years: `1,093.51 crore.VIII. Prescribed CSR expenditure (2 per cent of the amount as in item V above): `21.87 crore.Details of CSR expenditure for the fiscal year:a) Total amount to be spent for the fiscal year	`21.90 crore against the mandated amount of `21.87 crore. The
b) Amount unspent, if anyc) Manner in which the amount spent during the fiscal year
manner in which the amount is spent is detailed in Table 1, which is attached.

Table 1-Details of CSR Expenditure for fiscal year 2018-19
(Budget) Project/ Programme Wise
Direct Expenditure on Projects or Programmes
Over- heads
up to the Reporting Period
1	Project Salon-i—skill training for employability and entrepreneurship leading to women empowermentSchedule VII (ii) Livelihood Enhancement Projects8.238.100.148.24Multiple Agencies: SAATH, SEWA, YUVA, Dhriiti, tata strive, Aditya Birla skills Foundation, DDJF, Don Bosco Tech Society, Labournet, Pratham, Save the Children India and Youthnet2	Project Life skills—career guidance for employability and work readinessSchedule VII (ii) Livelihood Enhancement Projects0.220.220.000.22Quest3	Rural Intensification—skill training for micro-entrepreneurshipSchedule VII (ii) Livelihood Enhancement Projects0.740.740.000.74CMI- Kolkata Labournet4	Behaviour change communication on malaria and vector-borne diseases (EMBED)Schedule VII (i) Promoting preventive healthcare5.235.030.215.24Family Health India Onion-Dev (campaign)5	Community development projectsSchedule VII (ii) Promoting Education0.190.180.010.19Ethica Strategy India Private Limited for community needs assessment Direct implementation across all sites6	Impact Assessment of Godrej Livelihood Development ProgrammesSchedule VII (ii) Livelihood Enhancement Project0.150.150.000.15Collective Good FoundationSROI - Sustainable Square Foundation7	Waste Management	Schedule VII (iv) Environment Sustainability	3.91	3.68	0.23	3.91 1) Green Roots Solutions2) Dharthi Sustainables Pvt Ltd3) Hasiru Dala Innovations Pvt Ltd8	Rural ElectrificationSchedule VII (iv) Environment Sustainability0.180.170.010.18Aga Khan Rural Support Programme9	Watershed ManagementSchedule VII (iv) Environment Sustainability0.820.790.030.82Peoples Action for Creative Education10	Donation of Solar PV SystemSchedule VII (iv) Environment Sustainability0.160.160.000.16Direct Implementation11	Promotion of SportsSchedule VII( vii) Promoting nationally recognised sports0.260.250.010.26Foundation for Promotion of Sports and Games12	Green ChemistrySchedule VII (ii) Promoting Education0.900.900.000.90Donation to ICT13	Access to Education—child friendly schools and systemsSchedule VII (ii) Promoting Education0.250.250.000.25Donation to NCPA14	UdwadaPromoting Culture and Education0.250.250.000.25Donation to Udwada

(Budget) Project/ Programme Wise
Direct Expenditure on Projects or Programmes
Over- heads
up to the Reporting Period
15	Donation to Hyderabad Eye careSchedule VII (i) Promoting Preventive Healthcare0.250.250.000.25Donation to Make a Wish Foundation16	Donation to MR Pai FoundationSchedule VII (ii) Promoting Education0.150.150.000.15Donation to MR Pai FoundationTotal21.8821.260.6421.90The implementation and monitoring of this CSR policy is in compliance with the CSR objectives and policy of the Company.Nadir Godrej	Vivek GambhirChairman of the CSR Committee	Managing Director and CEO(Member of the CSR Committee)
ANNEXURE ‘F’AS PER THE DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT SPECIFIED UNDER SEBI (SHARE BASED EMPLOYEE BENEFITS) REGULATIONS, 2014 AND SECTION 62(1)(B) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 12(9) OF THE COMPANIES (SHARE CAPITAL AND DEBENTURES), RULES, 2014, THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS DISCLOSED IN RESPECT OF EMPLOYEE STOCK BENEFIT PLANS:Sr.No.ParticularsGodrej Consumer Products Limited Employee Stock Grant Scheme1Date of shareholders’ approval for the options granted under the schemeMarch 18, 20112Total number of options approved for grants under the scheme25,00,0003Vesting requirementsAs specified by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee subject to minimum 1 year from the date of grant4Exercise price or pricing formula`1 per share5Maximum term of options grantedAs may be decided by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee as per the prevalent regulatory provisions6Source of sharesDirect allotment7Variation of terms of optionsNone8Number of options outstanding as at April 1, 20182,24,011Number of fresh options granted during the year98,3439Number of options lapsed till September 14, 2018 (Record date for bonus issue)3,823Number of options vested during the year1,14,546Number of options exercised during the year1,14,546Number of shares arising as a result of exercise of options1,14,546Money realised by exercise of options`1,14,54610Number of options outstanding as on record date2,03,98511Number of options outstanding after adjustment for 1:2 bonus issue3,06,03412Number of options lapsed after bonus issue and till March 31, 201911,01918Number of options outstanding at the end of the year2,95,01519Number of options exercisable at the end of the year2,95,01520Method used to account for the optionsThe company has calculated the employee compensation cost using the fair value of stock options, in accordance with IND AS.21Weighted-average exercise prices and weighted-average fair values of options (shall be disclosed separately for options whose exercise price either equals or exceeds or is less than the market price of the stock)Exercise price `1.00 per shareFair value ` 655.93 (Post bonus issue)22Employee-wise details of options granted toi) Senior managerial personnelAs per Note 1 belowii)   Any other employee who receives a grant in any one year of option amounting to 5 per cent or more of option granted during that yearAs per Note 1 belowiii) Identified employees who were granted option, during any one year, equal to or exceeding 1 per cent of the issued capital (excluding outstanding warrants and conversions) of the company at the time of grantNil23Diluted Earnings Per Share (EPS) pursuant to issue of shares on exercise of option`17.17 per share (standalone)
calculated in accordance with Accounting Standard (AS) 20 ‘EPS’24	A description of the method and significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair values of options, including the following weighted-average information:
`22.90 per share (consolidated)The fair value of the options granted has been calculated using Black–Scholes Options pricing formula and the significant assumptions made in this regard are as follows:
i) Risk-free interest rate	7.51 per centii) Expected life	2.00iii) Expected volatility	28.29iv) Expected dividends	1.05 per centv) The price of the underlying share in market at the time of  option grant*	1,139.45*Price is before issue of bonus shares
Note 1: Employee-wise details of options granted to senior managerial personnel and details of options granted more than 5 per cent in 1 year.
Name and Designation of Senior Managerial Personnel to Whom Stock Options Have Been Granted
Granted in Fiscal Year 2016-17and Outstanding as at March 31, 2019
Granted in Fiscal Year 2017-18and Outstanding as at March 31, 2019
Granted in Fiscal Year 2018-19and Outstanding as at March 31, 2019
Total Outstanding Options as at March 31, 2019
Vivek Gambhir, Managing Director and CEO13,494*24,081*32,910*70,485V Srinivasan, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary2,3644,0655,26511,694Akhil Chandra, Business Head—ASEAN05,3526,58311,935Naveen Gupta, Cluster Head—Africa3,372*5,3526,58315,307Sunil Kataria, Business Head—India3,372*6,423*9,006*18,801Omar Momin, Business Head Darling and M&A3,372*6,423*7,899*17,694Rakesh Sinha, Head—Supply Chain, Manufacturing and IT2,1574,2815,74012,178Rahul Gama, Head—Human Resources1,6893,2104,4259,324Sunder Mahadevan, Head—R&D1,6893,2104,3459,244Darshan Gandhi, Head—Design8101,2843,9506,044*Option granted was more than 5 per cent of the options granted in 1 year.The above disclosures can also be accessed in the Company website, viz. http://godrejcp.com/annual-reports.aspx
ANNEXURE ‘G’Form No. MR-3FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2019[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9  of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]The Members,Godrej Consumer Products LimitedWe have conducted the secretarial audit of  the  compliance  of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate practices by Godrej Consumer Products Limited (hereinafter called the ‘Company’). The secretarial audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the companyas well as the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorised representatives during the
conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended on March 31, 2019, complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board processes and compliance mechanism in placeto the extent, in the manner reported and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 2019, according to the provisions of:(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder;(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and the rules made thereunder;(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External
Commercial Borrowings;(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’):(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2009;(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share based Employee Benefit) Regulations, 2014;(e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008;(f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the
Companies Act and dealing with clients;(g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009;(h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 1998.We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:(i) Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.(ii) The SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015/the Listing Agreements entered into by theCompany with the BSE Limited and The National Stock Exchange of India Limited.During the period under review, the Company has complied with the provisions of the acts, rules,regulations, guidelines, standards, etc. mentioned above.The other laws, as informed and certified by the Management of the Company, which are specifically applicable to the Company based on their sector/industry are:a. Insecticide Act, 1968 and rules made thereunder;b. Legal Metrology Act and rules made thereunder;c. Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940.We report that, having regard to the compliance system prevailing in the Company and on examination  of the relevant documents and records in pursuance thereof on test checkbasis, the Company has complied with the aforementioned laws applicable specifically to the Company.
We further report that:The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with a proper balance of Executive Directors, Non- Executive Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the period under review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.Adequate notice is given to all Directors to schedule the Board meetings; the agenda and related detailed noteson agenda were sent at least 7 days in advance. Furthermore, a system for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on theagenda items before the meeting exists for meaningful participation at the meeting.All the decisions were passed unanimously in the meetings of the Board.We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company, commensurate with the size and operations of the Company,  to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.We further report that during the audit period the company has:i. Approved grant of corporate guarantee for refinance of existing loans to the extent of USD 165 Mio or equivalent thereof in any currency.ii. Approved issue of corporate guarantees for securing the banking facilities availed for interest rate swap, by Godrej Consumer Products Holding (Mauritius) Ltd from DBS Bank Ltd., Singapore upto USD 1.2 Mio or equivalent thereof in any currency.iii. Issued shares on exercise of options under the Employee Stock Grant Scheme.iv. 
Approved grant of corporate guarantee for borrowing by wholly owned subsidiaries upto a limit of USD 65 million.v. Increased its authorised share capital from ` 70,00,00,000/- (Rupees Seventy Crore only) to` 1,04,00,00,000/- (Rupees One Hundred Four and Crore only) and made consequential amendment to Memorandum of Association of the company.vi. Issued 340,722,032 equity shares as bonus shares in the ratio of 1 (one) share of `1/- each (Rupee One each) fully paid for every 2 (two) existing equity shares of ` 1/- each (Rupee One each) held.vii. Approved extension of date of conversion of compulsorilyconvertible debentures of Bhabani Blunt Hairdressing Pvt Ltd by a period of 5 years.viii. Approved offer of shares for buyback of Bhabani Blunt Hairdressing Pvt Ltd which resulted in reduction of shareholding ofthe company in Bhabhani Blunt Hairdressing Pvt Ltd by 2%.ix. Made investment in wholly owned subsidiary.For A. N. Ramani and Co., Company Secretaries,Unique Code - P2003MH000900Bhavana Shewakramani                Partner FCS - 8636, COP - 9577Place: Thane Date: May 3, 2019ANNEXURE TO THE SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORTThe MembersGodrej Consumer Products LimitedOur report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1. Maintenance of statutory and other records is the responsibility ofthe management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these records based on our audit.2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurances about the correctness of the contents of the records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of the financial records and books of accounts of the company. We have relied onthe report of the Statutory Auditor in respect of the same as perthe guidance of the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.4. Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc.5. The Company is following a system of obtaining reports from various departments to ensure compliance with applicable laws. TheCompany is following an electronic compliance management system for compliance management to ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.6. The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations and standards is the responsibility of
the management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.7. The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.For A. N. Ramani and Co., Company Secretaries,Unique Code - P2003MH000900Bhavana Shewakramani                Partner FCS - 8636, COP - 9577Place: Thane Date: May 3, 2019ANNEXURE ‘H’Practising Company Secretary’s Certificate on Corporate GovernanceTo the members ofGodrej Consumer Products LimitedWe have examined the compliance of conditions of corporate  governance by Godrej Consumer Products Limited (‘the Company’) to the year endedon March 31, 2019, as stipulated in Regulation 17 to 27 and clauses(b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C, D and E of Schedule V of theSecurities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015 (‘Listing Regulation’).Management Responsibility The compliance of conditions of corporate governance is the responsibility of the Company’smanagement including the preparation
and maintenance of all relevant supporting records and documents.PCS’s ResponsibilityOur examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance with theconditions of corporate governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.OpinionIn our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and the representations made by the Directors and the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of corporate  governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned Listing Regulations as applicableduring the year ended March 31, 2019.We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.Restriction on UseThis certificate is issued solely for  the purpose of complying with the aforesaid regulations and may not be suitable any other purpose.For A. N. Ramani and Co., Company Secretaries,Unique Code - P2003MH000900Bhavana Shewakramani                Partner FCS - 8636, COP - 9577Place: Thane Date: May 3, 2019
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCECorporate governance refers to the framework of rules and practices through which the board of directors ensures accountability, fairness,and transparency in a company’s relationship with all its stakeholders.The Company is a part of the 122-year- old Godrej Group, which has established a reputation for honesty, integrity, and sound governance. The Company’s philosophy on corporate governance envisages attainment of the highest levels of transparency, accountability, and equity in all facets of its operations and interactions with its stakeholders, including shareholders, employees, lenders, and the government. The Company is committed to achieveand maintain the highest standards of corporate governance. The Company believes that all its actions must serve the underlying goal of enhancingthe overall stakeholder value over a sustained period of time.Every year, since the fiscal year 2002- 03, the Company has subjected itself  to a voluntary review of its corporate governance practices by an external rating agency, namely the Investment Information and Credit Rating Agency (ICRA). The Company continues to enjoy the Corporate Governance Rating of CGR2+ (pronounced CGR two plus) and the Stakeholder Value Creationand Governance Rating of SVG1 (pronounced SVG one).The two ratings evaluate whether a company is being run on the principles of corporate governance and whether the practices followed by the company lead to value creation for all its shareholders.The CGR2+ rating is on a rating scale of CGR1 to CGR6, where CGR1
denotes the highest rating. The CGR2+ rating implies that according to ICRA’s current opinion, the rated company has adopted and follows such practices, conventions, and codes that would provide its financial stakeholders a high level of assurance on the quality of corporate governance.The SVG1 rating is on a rating scale of SVG1 to SVG6, where SVG1 denotes the highest rating. The SVG1 rating implies that in ICRA’s current opinion, the Company belongs to the highest category on the composite parameters of stakeholder value creation and management as well as corporate governance practices.1. Board of DirectorsGCPL’s corporate governance practices are shaped by its Board of Directors. The Board is committed to protecting the long-terminterests of all our stakeholders, and considering this, it provides objective and prudent guidance to the management. The information related to the procedures, composition, committees, and several other factors of the Board is provided below.A. Board ProceduresGCPL currently has a15-member Board, with 8 Independent Directors who are eminent professionals from diverse fields, withexpertise in finance, information systems, marketing, and corporate strategy. None of the Independent Directors have had any material association with the Godrej Group in the past. The Board of Directors also confirms that Independent Directors fulfill conditions specified in listing regulations and are independent of management. GCPL’s Board
has a lead Independent Director, in line with the accepted best practices, to strengthen the focus and quality of discussion at the Board level.The Board meets at least once in a quarter to review the Company’s quarterly performance and financial results. Board meetings are governed with a structuredagenda. The Board periodically reviews compliance reports with respect to laws and regulations applicable to the Company.Before the commencement of the Audit Committee meeting, the members of the Audit Committee-which entirely consists of Independent Directors-have a discussion with Statutory Auditors, in the absence of the management team and  Whole-time Directors. For all major items, comprehensive background information is provided to the Board members to enable them to take an informed decision.Once a year, the Board members participate in a strategy meeting, in which they also interact with the management team of the Company. The Independent Directors also have a meeting among themselves, after which they provide their insightsto the entire Board and the management team.During the year, the Company  has  conducted the familiarisation program for all the Directors includingIndependent Directors to enable them to discharge their duties. The core modules covered during FY 2018-19 were review of Annual Operating Plan (AOP),
impact of key amendments to the SEBI Listing Regulations on the Company, comprehensive presentation on Home Insecticide Business, business presentation and financial updates. All the programs were conducted by the members of company management. The details of the same are available on the website of the company which can be accessed through the following link1B. Matrix on skill sets required to be possessed by Board of DirectorsAt GCPL, we recognize the importance of having a Board comprising of directors who have a range of experiences, capabilities and diverse points of view. This helps us create an effective and well-rounded board. The capabilities and experiences sought in our Directors are outlined here:• Strategy & Business -  Is or has been the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer or held any other leadership position in an organization leading to significant experience in strategy or business management. Brings the ability to identify and assess strategic opportunities and threats in the context of the business.• 
Industry Expertise– Has expertise with respect to the sector the organization operates in. Has an understanding of the ‘big picture’ in the given industry and recognizes the development of industry segments, trends, emerging issues and opportunities.• Market Expertise – Has expertise with respect to the geography the organization operates in. Understands the macro-economic environment, the  nuances of the business, consumers and trade in the geography,and has the knowledge of the regulations & legislations of the market/(s) the business operates in.• Technology Perspective– Has expertise with respect to business specific technologies such as in the field of R&D, Manufacturing etc. Has experience and adds perspective on the future ready skills required by the organization such as E-Commerce, Digital, and Sustainability etc.• People & Talent Understanding - Has experience in human resource management such that they bring in a considered approach to the
effective management of people in an organization.• Governance, Finance & Risk – Has an understanding of the law and applicationof corporate governance principles in a commercial enterprise of similar scale. Capability to provide inputs for strategic financial planning, assess financial statements and oversee budgets for the  efficient use of resources. Abilityto identify key risks for the business in a wide range of areas including legal and regulatory.• Diversity of Perspective-Provides a diversity of views to the board that is valuable to manageour customer, consumer,employee, key stakeholder or shareholders.C. Process and criteria used for appointing new directorsThe Nomination & Remuneration Committee evaluates the candidature of new director in line with the Board Diversity policy and the skill sets stated above and makes suitable recommendation to theBoard for final approval. The appointment of all Directors is also subject to shareholders’ approval.
[1] http://www.godrejcp.com/Resources/uploads/compliance_other_updates/FamiliarisationProgrammeIndependentDirectors_11042019.pdf
D. Detailed reasons for resignation of Independent Director, if anyNo Independent Director resigned before the expiry of his tenure during this financial year.(i) Composition of the BoardThe Board composition is as follows:CategoryNo. of Directors as onMarch 31, 2019No. of Directors as on thedate of this reporti) Non-Independent DirectorsExecutive Chairperson11Managing Director11Executive Director11Non-Executive Promoter Directors44Sub Total77ii) Independent Directors78Total Strength (i + ii)1415
(ii) Other relevant details of the Directors as on March 31, 2019
Number of
Committee Positions
Name of
Date of
Relationship With other
Directorships Held in Indian
including GCPLCommittee
Directors  
Original Appointment
Directors	Category
Public Limited Companies (including
Member(Excluding Committee
Committee Chairperson**
Shares Held

Name of
Date of
Relationship With other 
Number of Directorships Held in Indian
Committee Positions including GCPLCommittee
Directors  
Original Appointment
Directors	Category
Public Limited Companies (including GCPL)*
Member (Excluding Committee Chairperson)**
Committee Chairperson**
Shares Held
NdidiApril 01, 2017 NoneNon-110NilNwuneliExecutive/ Independent(1)Ireena VittalApril 30, 2013 NoneNon-560NilExecutive/ Independent(5)#the shareholding reflects holding in their own name and doesn’t include shares held through trusts.*Does not include Directorships in Private Companies, Section 8 Companies, and Foreign Companies.**Does not include Chairmanship/Membership in Board Committees other than the Audit Committee, the Shareholders’ Grievance Committee and Chairmanship/Membership in Board Committees in companies other than public limited companies registered in India.***Under the Employee Stock Grant Scheme of the Company, Mr. Vivek Gambhir additionally holds 70,485 options that are convertible into equivalent equity shares on their vesting and exercise. The options will vest in tranches, and the same has to be exercised within 1 month of the respective vesting dates.Notes:• Figures in brackets denote Directorships in listed companies• Mr. Bharat Doshi has stepped down as the Chairman of the Audit Committee w.e.f. April 1, 2019 and from the same date, Mr. Aman Mehta is appointed as Chairman of the Audit Committee.(iii) Details of directorship in other listed companies including category of their directorship as on 31.03.2019:Names of Directors	Directorship in other listed companies	Category of directorshipAdi GodrejGodrej Industries LimitedChairmanJamshyd Godrej1.Godrej Industries LimitedDirector2.Godrej Agrovet LimitedDirector3.Godrej Properties LimitedDirectorNadir Godrej1.Godrej Industries LimitedManaging Director2.Astec Lifesciences LimitedChairman3.Godrej Agrovet LimitedChairman4.Godrej Properties LimitedDirector5.Mahindra And Mahindra LimitedIndependent Director6.The Indian Hotels Company LimitedIndependent DirectorTanya Dubash1.Godrej Industries LimitedDirector2.Godrej Agrovet LimitedDirector3.Britannia Industries LtdIndependent DirectorNisaba GodrejGodrej Agrovet LimitedDirectorPirojsha Godrej1.Godrej Agrovet LimitedDirector2.Godrej Properties LimitedChairmanVivek GambhirNIL-Narendra Ambwani1.Parag Milk Foods LimitedIndependent Director2.Agro Tech Foods LimitedIndependent Director3.RPG Life Sciences LimitedIndependent DirectorPippa Tubman ArmerdingNIL-Bharat DoshiDr. Reddy’s Laboratories LtdIndependent DirectorOmkar Goswami1.Bajaj Finance LimitedIndependent Director2.Hindustan Construction Company LimitedIndependent Director3.CG Power And Industrial Solutions LimitedNon-Executive Director4.Ambuja Cements LimitedIndependent Director5.Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories LtdIndependent Director
Names of Directors	Directorship in other listed companies	Category of directorship6.Bajaj Auto Limited.Independent DirectorAman Mehta1.Tata Consultancy Services LimitedIndependent Director2.Wockhardt LimitedIndependent Director3.Max Financial Services LimitedIndependent Director4.Vedanta LimitedIndependent Director5.Tata Steel LimitedIndependent DirectorNdidi NwuneliNIL-Ireena Vittal1.Housing Development Finance Corporation LimitedIndependent Director2.The Indian Hotels Company LimitedIndependent Director3.Titan Company LimitedIndependent Director4.Wipro LimitedIndependent DirectorE. Attendance details at Board/Committee meetings and at the last Annual General Meeting
Name of Meeting	Board
   Audit Committee
Nomination & Remuneration Committee
Corporate Social Responsibility
Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
Risk Management Committee
    AGM July 30, 2018
No. of Meetings held44321311Attendance of the DirectorAdi Godrej4NANANA13NAYesJamshyd Godrej3NANANA3NAYesNadir Godrej4NANA210NAYesTanya Dubash4NANA1NANAYesNisaba Godrej4NANA2NA1YesPirojsha Godrej4NANANANANAYesVivek Gambhir4NANA241YesNarendra Ambwani4432NANAYesPippa Armerding443NANANAYesBharat Doshi443NANANAYesOmkar Goswami331NANA1YesAman Mehta443NANANAYesNdidi Nwuneli443NANANAYesIreena Vittal443NANANAYesNotes:• Board & Audit Committee meetings were held on May 8, 2018; July 30, 2018; November 02, 2018, and January 29, 2019.• Nomination and Remuneration Committee meetings were held on May 08, 2018, July 30, 2018 and January 29, 2019.• Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee meetings were held on April 10, 2018, May 15, 2018, June 22, 2018, July 16, 2018, August 21, 2018, Sept 28, 2018, Nov 2, 2018, Dec 17, 2018, Jan 3, 2019, Jan 28, 2019, Feb 20, 2019, March 4, 2019 and March 18, 2019.• Risk Management Committee meeting was held on November 1, 2018.• Corporate Social Responsibility meeting was held on May 7, 2018 and November 2, 2018.• The maximum gap between any two Board meetings did not exceed 120 days during the year.• Leave of absence was granted to the Directors whenever they could not be physically present for the Board/ Committee meeting.• ‘NA’ indicates not a member of the Committee(i) Re-appointment of Directors liable to retire by rotationThe Board has five Directors whose period of office is liable to be determined for retirement by rotation, and of these five directors, one-third, i.e. two Directors, shall retire at the Annual General Meeting. Thus, Mr. Nadir Godrej and Mr. Jamshyd Godrej will retire at the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company and, being eligible, will be considered for re-appointment. Their brief resume is annexed to the notice of the Annual General Meeting.
(ii) Appointment of new Independent Director on the BoardThe Board, at its meeting held on January 29, 2019 has approved theappointment of Mr. Sumeet Narang as Independent Director on the Board of the Company with effect from April 1, 2019 subject to shareholders approval. Mr. Sumeet Narang meets the criteria for IndependentDirector as per the provisions of the Companies Act,2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations). Mr. Sumeet Narang is appointed as a memberof Audit Committee and
Nomination & Remuneration Committee consequentto his appointment on the Board. His appointment was approved by shareholders through postal ballot on March 20, 2019.F. Committees of the Board The Company has constituted an Audit Committee in accordance with Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 18 of the SEBI(Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’).The Stakeholders Relationship Committee formed in accordance with Regulation 20 of the Listing Regulations and Section 178of the Companies Act, 2013 inter alia looks into investor
grievances. The Company has also formed a Nomination & Remuneration Committee in accordance with Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013and Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations, which look after the appointment, remuneration, and performance evaluationof Directors. The criteria for performance evaluation of Independent Directors includes skills, experience, level of preparedness, attendance, extent of contribution to Board debates and discussion, and how each Director leverages his/ her expertise and networks to meaningfully contribute to theCompany. The Company also has a Risk Management Committee in accordance with Regulation 21 of the Listing Regulations.
The composition of the Committees as on March 31, 2019
Position in the Committee
Name of the Directors	Category of the Directors
  Audit Committee
Nomination & Remuneration Committee
Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
Risk Management Committee
Corporate Social Responsibility
Note : Mr. Bharat Doshi has stepped down as the Chairman of the Audit Committee w.e.f. April 1, 2019 and from the same date, Mr. Aman Mehta is appointed as Chairman of the Audit Committee.
The composition of the Committees is as below:Mr. V. Srinivasan, Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary,is the Secretary of all the Board Committees. He is also the Compliance Officer of the Company and responsible for redressing investor grievances.G. Terms of reference of Board Committees(i) Audit Committee:The terms of reference forthe Audit Committee includes the matters specified inSection 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 as well as PartC of Schedule II of Listing Regulations such as:Financial Statements• Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process and disclosure of its financial information to ensure that the financial statement is correct, sufficient, and credible;• Reviewing, with the management, the annual financial statements and auditor’s report thereon before submission to the Board for approval, with particular reference to:(a) Matters required to be included in the Director’s responsibility statement to be included in the Board’s report in terms of clause (c) of sub- section(3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013;(b) Changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same;(c) Major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise ofjudgment by management;(d) 
Significant adjustments made in the financial statements arising out of audit findings;(e) Compliance with listing and other legalrequirements relating to financial statements;(f) Disclosure of any related party transactions;(g) Modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report;• Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly financial statements before submission to the Board for approval;• Scrutiny of intercorporate loans and investments.Review of Information• Reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses / application of funds raised through an issue, such as public, rights, or preferential issues, the statement of funds utilisedfor purposes other than those stated in the offer document/ prospectus / notice, and the report submitted by themonitoring agency monitoring the utilisation of proceedsof a public or rights issue, and making appropriate recommendations to the Board to initiate steps in this matter;• Reviewing the management discussion and analysisof financial condition and results of operations;• Statement of deviations:- quarterly statement of deviation(s) including report of monitoring agency, if applicable, submitted to stock
exchange(s) in terms of Regulation 32(1) of the Listing Regulations.- annual statement of funds utilized for  purposes other than those statedin the offer document/ prospectus/notice in terms of Regulation 32(7) of the Listing Regulations.Internal Control• Reviewing, with the management, performance of statutory and internal auditors, and adequacy of the internal control systems;• Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management systems;• Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where there is suspected fraud or irregularity, or a failure of internal control systems of a material nature, and reporting the matter to the Board.External and Internal Audit• Recommendation for appointment, remuneration, and terms of appointment of auditors of the Company;• Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other services rendered by the statutory auditors;• Reviewing of management letters/letters of internal control weakness issued by the statutory auditors;• Reviewing the appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the chief internal auditor;• Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, including the structure of the
internal audit department, staffing and seniority of the official heading the department, reporting structure coverage and frequency of internal audit;• Reviewing internal audit reports relating to internal control weakness;• Discussion with internal auditors of any significant findings and follow up thereon;• Discussion with statutory auditors before the audit commences, about the nature and scope of audit as wellas post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern;• Reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s independence and performance, andeffectiveness of audit process;• Periodical discussions with the auditors about internal control systems, the scope of audit including the observations of the auditors and review the quarterly, half yearly and annual financial statements beforesubmission to the Board and also oversee compliance of internal control systems.Subsidiary Companies• The Committee shall have access to the audit committee minutes of the subsidiary companies;• Reviewing the financial statements, in particular the investments made by the subsidiary companies;• Recommending the revision in Policy for determining material subsidiaries to align it with the extant applicable provisions;• 
Reviewing the utilization of loans and/or advances from/ investment in the subsidiary exceeding ` 100 Crore or 10 per cent of the asset size of the subsidiary whichever is lower including existing loans and advances.Related Party Transactions• Approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of the Company with related parties;• Formal approval or Omnibus approval of  transactions with related parties or any subsequent modification oftransactions of the Company with related parties including their basis;• Laying down criteria for granting omnibus approval to related party transactions;• Satisfy itself of the need for omnibus approval of related party transaction and that the approval is in the interest of the Company;• Granting omnibus approval for related party transactions not exceeding `1 crore per transaction in a financial year;• Reviewing on quarterly basis, the statement  of such significant related party transaction as may be specified by the Committee, and the details of Related Party Transactions entered into by the Company pursuant to each of the omnibus approval given;• Recommend the revision in Policy on material related party transactions and also on dealing with Related Party Transactions, to align it with the extant applicable provisions.
Compliance• Looking into the reasons for substantial defaults in the payment to the depositors, debenture holders, shareholders (in case of non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors; if any;• Reviewing the effectiveness of the system for monitoring compliance with lawsand regulations and the results of Management’s investigation and follow-up (including disciplinary action) of any instances of non- compliance;• Reviewing the findings of any examinations by regulatory agencies, and any auditor observations;• Reviewing the process for communicating the Code of Conduct to Companypersonnel, and for monitoring compliance therewith;• Reviewing compliance with respect to the provisions of Insider Trading Regulations at least once in a financial year and verify that the systems for internal control for compliance with these regulations are adequate and operating effectively;• Obtaining regular  updates from the Management regarding compliance matters.Other Responsibilities• Reviewing the functioning and compliances as regards the Company’s Whistle Blower Policy;• Approval of the appointment of Chief Financial Officer after assessing the qualifications, experience, and background of the candidate;
• Valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever it is necessary by appointing a RegisteredValuer in terms of Sec. 247 of the Companies Act, 2013;• Instituting and overseeing special investigations as needed;• Performing any other functions and activities related to this terms of reference as requested by the Board of Directors;• Performing any other functions as required to be done by the Audit Committee as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Listing Regulations and any other laws or regulations from time to time.(ii) Nomination & Remuneration Committee:The terms of reference of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee are as follows:• Formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a Director and recommend to the Board of Directors a policy relating to the remuneration of the Directors, key managerial personnel, and other employees;• Formulation of criteria for the evaluation of performance of Independent Directors and the Board of Directors;• Devising a policy on the diversity of Board of Directors;• Identifying individuals who are qualified to become directors and who maybe appointed in senior management in accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the Board of Directors their
appointment and removal.• Deciding whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the Independent Director, on the basis of the report of performance evaluation of Independent Directors.• Recommending to the Board, all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to senior management.• Administering the Employee Stock Grant Scheme ofthe Company and render all such functions required to be done under the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefit) Regulations, 2015.• Performing any other functions and activities related to this terms of reference as requested by the Board of Directors.• Performing any other functions as required to be done by the Nomination & Remuneration Committee as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Listing Regulations and any other laws or regulations from time to time.(iii) Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee• Resolving the grievances of the security holders of the Company, including complaints relating to transfer/ transmission ofshares, non-receipt of Annual Report, and non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate certificates, general meetings etc.• Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders.• Review of adherence to the service standards adopted
by the Company in respect of various services being rendered by the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent.• Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the Company for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/ annual reports/statutory notices by the shareholders of the company.• Performing any other functions and activities related to this terms of reference as requested by the Board of Directors.• Performing any other functions as required to be done by the Stakeholders Relationship Committee as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Listing Regulations and any other laws or regulations from time to time.(iv) Risk Management Committee The terms of reference of the Committee are as follows:a) Spearhead risk management initiative within the Company;b) Review status of actions planned;c) Review progress and status of mitigation for the ‘Risks That Matter’;d) Set standards for risk documentation and monitoring;e) Improve risk management techniques and enhance awareness.f) Review and manage the risks relating to Cyber Security.g) Performing any other functions and activities
related to the terms of reference as requested by the Board of Directors.h) Performing any other functions required to be done by the Risk Management Committee as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Listing Regulations and any other laws or regulations from time to time.(v) Corporate Social Responsibility Committee• Formulate and recommend to the Board, a CorporateRemuneration to Directors:
Social Responsibility Policy which shall indicate the activities to be undertaken by the company as specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013;• Recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the activities referredabove;• Monitor the Corporate Social Responsibility Policy of the company from time to time;• Perform any other functions and activities related to
this terms of reference as requested by the Board of Directors;• Perform any other functions as required to be done by the CSR Committee as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Listing Regulations and any other laws or regulations from time to time.2. Remuneration PolicyThe Remuneration Policy of the Company has been provided in the Board’s Report section of the Annual Report as Annexure ‘B’.
The details of the remuneration to Directors are as follows:
Salary,
Company’s
Monetary
in ` crore
Name of Director	Sitting Fees Commission on Profits
Allowances and Other Benefits
PLVR
Contribution to PF 
Value of Perquisites
Total
Whole-Time DirectorsAdi Godrej--4.730.000.211.136.07Nisaba Godrej--3.810.620.170.605.20Vivek Gambhir--7.621.850.333.3013.10Sub-Total--16.162.470.715.0324.37Non-Executive DirectorsJamshyd Godrej0.030.20----0.23Nadir Godrej0.040.20----0.24Tanya Dubash0.040.20----0.24Pirojsha Godrej0.040.20----0.24Narendra Ambwani0.060.35----0.41Pippa Armerding0.050.35----0.40Bharat Doshi0.050.35----0.40Omkar Goswami0.040.29----0.33Ndidi Nwuneli0.050.35----0.40Aman Mehta0.050.35----0.40Ireena Vittal0.050.33----0.38Sub-Total0.503.170.000.000.000.003.67Total0.503.1716.162.470.715.0328.04Notes:• In the case of Mr. Adi Godrej, salary includes basic salary and various elements of flexible compensation. The monetary value of perquisites includes maintenance of accommodation, car, electricity expenses, reimbursement of medical/ hospitalisation expenses incurred for self and family and medical insurance premium paid by the Company.• In the case of Ms. Nisaba Godrej and Mr. Vivek Gambhir, salary includes basic salary and various elements of flexible compensation. Additionally, the perquisites received by Mr. Vivek Gambhir include perquisite value of stock grants exercised during the financial year.• The Performance Linked Variable Remuneration (PLVR) of Ms. Nisaba Godrej, and Mr. Vivek Gambhir is the amount payable for FY 2018-19, as per the scheme of the Company. The same is based on the Economic Value Added that reflects profitability and optimum utilisation of capital employed and revenue growth.
• The service contract of Mr. Adi Godrej was for a period of 3 years beginning from April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2019. The Board of Directors have reappointed Mr. Adi Godrej for further period of 5 years beginning from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2024. The same was approved by shareholders by postal ballot on March 20, 2019. The office of Mr. Adi Godrej is terminable with a notice period of 3 months by either side.• The service contracts of Ms. Nisaba Godrej, Executive Chairperson and Mr. Vivek Gambhir, Managing Director & CEO are for a period of 3 years beginning from July 1, 2016 to June 30, 2019. The Board of Directors have reappointedMs. Nisaba Godrej as Whole time Director and Mr. Vivek Gambhir as Managing Director & CEO for a further period from July 1, 2019 to September 30, 2022. The reappointments are subject to the approval of shareholders and accordingly separate resolutions are included in the Notice of Annual General Meeting for their re-appointment. Their office in the new term is terminable with a notice period of 3 months by either side.• The shareholders have authorized payment of commissions on profits to Non-Executive Directors at a rate not exceeding 1% of net profits of the Company with authority to the Board to determine the manner and proportion in which the amount is distributed among the Non-Executive Directors. The Board has authorised a base commission of`20 lakhs per annum to each Non-Executive Director. All the Independent Directors are paid an additional commission linked to their attendance at Audit Committee meetings, Nomination & Remuneration Committee meeting and Independent Directors’ meeting. In addition, all the Non-Executive Directors are paid sitting fees for attending the meetings of the Board or Committees thereof.• All the Independent Directors except Ms. Ndidi Nwuneli, Ms. Pippa Armerding and Mr. Sumeet Narang were originally appointed in terms of the erstwhile Listing Agreement (refer the table containing other relevant details of the Directors under Para 1 of Board of Directors for the original date of appointment). After the notification of Companies Act, 2013, these Independent Directors have been appointed for period of five years.• Mr. Bharat Doshi’s tenure of five years is ending on September 25, 2019 and he has expressed his desire to not offer himself for re-appointment for another term.• The first term of five years of Mr. Narendra Ambwani is ending on July 27, 2019. The first term of five years of Mr. Aman Mehta, Dr. Omkar Goswami and Ms. Ireena Vittal is ending on September 25, 2019. Based on successful performance evaluation, Nomination & Remuneration Committee has recommended their re-appointment for a second term as follows:Mr. Narendra Ambwani - Term from July 28, 2019 to November 14, 2023Mr. Aman Mehta - Term from September 26, 2019 to August 31, 2021Ms. Ireena Vittal and Dr. Omkar Goswami - Term of five years from September 26, 2019 to September 25, 2024• Mr. Vivek Gambhir has been granted stock options, the details of which are as follows:
Grant year	No. of options*	Options exercised
  Options outstanding
Vesting dates of outstanding options
2016-1731,49017,99613,49431.05.20192017-1832,107802612,03931.05.201912,04231.05.20202018-1932,910Nil10,97012.06.201910,97031.05.202010,97031.05.2021*The number of options is after restatement on account of bonus issue made in 2017-18 & 2018-19.3. Details of stakeholder complaints and stakeholders grievance committee
Sr.
Nature of Complaint/Query
Total Complaints Pending at the
Total Complaints Received During
Total Complaints Replied During
Total Complaints Pending at the
Complaints Not Resolved to the
4. GENERAL BODY MEETINGSA. Annual General MeetingDetails of the last three Annual General Meetings of GCPL are as follows:DateTimeVenueDetails of special resolutions passedJuly 29, 20164.00p.m.Godrej One, 1st Floor Auditorium, Pirojshanagar,Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli (East), Mumbai-400079• Re-appointment of Mr. Adi Godrej as Whole- time Director, designated as ChairmanJuly 31, 20173.00p.m.Godrej One, 1st Floor Auditorium, Pirojshanagar,Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli (East), Mumbai-400079NoneJuly 30, 20183:00p.m.Godrej One, 1st Floor Auditorium, Pirojshanagar,Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli (East), Mumbai-400079None
B. Postal Ballot• Pursuant to the provisions of Companies Act 2013, during FY 2018-2019, one special resolution was passed by the members through postal ballot for re-appointment of Mr. Adi Godrej as a Whole time Director, designatedas Chairman Emeritus (DIN: 00065964) for a period of
5 years effective from April 1, 2019,The notice of the  postal ballot dated February 8, 2019 was sent to all shareholders of the Company along with postage prepaid envelopes. Mr. Kalidas Vanjpe, Practicing Company Secretary who was appointed as the Scrutiniser
for the Postal Ballot and E voting facility submitted his report to Ms. Nisaba Godrej, Chairperson.The results of the Postal Ballot were announced on March 20, 2019, and the details are as follows:

Category	Mode of voting	No. of shares held
No. of votes polled
% of Votes polled on outstanding shares
No. of votes– in favour
No. of votes – against
% of votes in favour on votes polled
% of Votes against on votes polled
(1)	(2)	(3)=[(2)/ (1)]*100
(4)	(5)	(6)=[(4)/ (2)]*100
(7)=[(5)/ (2)]*100
PromoterE-Voting64,64,88,24664,64,88,246100.000064,64,88,2460100.00000.0000andPoll00.00000000PromoterGroupPostal Ballot (if applicable)00.00000000Total64,64,88,24664,64,88,246100.000064,64,88,2460100.00000.0000Public -E-Voting30,60,24,40224,54,14,97780.194624,43,80,60710,34,37099.57850.4215InstitutionsPoll00.00000000Postal Ballot (if applicable)00.00000000Total30,60,24,40224,54,14,97780.194624,43,80,60710,34,37099.57850.4215Public-E-Voting6,96,53,44857,40,5408.241657,10,78629,75499.48170.5183NonPoll00.00000000InstitutionsPostal Ballot (if applicable)17,4480.025017,4480100.00000.0000Total6,96,53,44857,57,9888.266657,28,23429,75499.48330.5167Total1,02,21,66,09689,76,61,21187.819589,65,97,08710,64,12499.88150.1185
5. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION GCPL has sent a quarterly newsletter on registered email addresses ofthe investors. Moreover, all vital information related to the Company and its performance, including quarterly results, press  releases, and performance updates/corporate presentations, and the information required by the Listing Regulationsare posted on the Company’s website- www.godrejcp.com. The quarterly, half-yearly, and annual results of the Company’s performance are
generally published in leading English dailies,  such as The Economic Times, Business Line, and Mint, as well as in the Marathi newspaper Maharashtra Times. The Chairperson holds conference calls/meetings with financial analysts once in a quarter, and their transcripts are posted on  the website. The presentations made to financial analysts and institutional investors are shared with the Stock Exchanges and also uploaded onthe Company’s website. The same may be accessed through the link
given below2 The Company files its quarterly results  on the Electronic filing system of the BSE and NSE. The same are also available on the websites of the BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE), viz. www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com, respectively.Reminders to Investors Shareholders who have not registered their email IDs are requested to do so for receiving communications from the Company.
[2] http://godrejcp.com/stock-exchange-filings.aspx
Shareholders who are holding shares in physical form can update their email ID by writing a letter to the Company under the signature of first named shareholder. Shareholders who are holding shares in demat form can do so by contacting their Depository Participant.6. GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATIONA. Annual General MeetingDate and Time:	Thursday, August 1, 2019, at 1.30 p.m.Venue  :	Godrej One, 1st Floor Auditorium, Pirojshanagar, Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli (East), Mumbai - 400 079B. Financial CalendarFinancial year:	April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019C. Interim Dividends during FY 2018–19Declared at Board Meeting datedDividend rate per share on shares of face value ` 1 eachRecord dateMay 8, 2018`7.00*May 16, 2018July 30, 2018`2.00*August 7, 2018November 2, 2018`4.00November 14, 2018January 30, 2019`2.00February 6, 2019*Note: The dividend declared on May 8, 2018 and July 30, 2018 are on the pre-bonus paid up capital and all the subsequent dividends are on the post-bonus paid up capital. Subsequent to the close of FY 2018-19, the Board has declared an Interim Dividend of ` 2 per equity share. The Record date for the same is May 13, 2019. This dividend will be accounted in FY 2019-20.D. ListingThe Company’s shares are listed and traded on the following Stock Exchanges:Name & Address of the Stock Exchange	Segment	Stock/Scrip Code	ISIN number for NSDL/CDSL
BSE LimitedPhiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Equity	532424
  Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001	   	   	
INE102D01028
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051
Equity;Futures & Options (F&O)
GODREJCP
The applicable listing fees has been paid to the Stock Exchanges before the due date.E. Market Price DataThe monthly high and low prices of GCPL at the BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited in Equity series for the year ended March 31, 2019, are as follows:Month	 		BSE			NSE		 High Price	Low Price	High Price	Low PriceApr-181,157.601,065.251,156.001,063.00May-181,166.951,032.151,168.501,064.75Jun-181,235.951,125.651,236.851,123.15Jul-181,380.101,226.051,379.001,225.70Aug-181,465.001,278.351,468.001,278.20Sep-18*1,469.00707.001,465.00738.75Oct-18804.00628.15803.20643.75Nov-18763.00670.60764.00670.20Dec-18848.30730.00849.90728.25Jan-19823.95682.90824.40683.30Feb-19718.00634.50719.25634.00Mar-19740.60674.30741.90673.30*The data with effect from September 2018 reflects the position post listing of Bonus Equity Shares by the Company in a ratio of 1:2. The High and Low in prices post September 2018 are not comparable with pre-September data due to bonus issue.Source: Websites of the respective stock exchanges Note: High and low are in rupees per traded share
F. GCPL’s share price at BSE versus the SensexGCPL’s share performance compared with the BSE Sensex for FY 2018 -19 is as follows:Note:• Both the BSE Sensex and GCPL share price are indexed to 100 at the beginning of the financial yearG. Registrar and Transfer AgentsComputech Sharecap Limited, 147, M.G. Road, Opp. Jehangir Art Gallery, Mumbai - 400001 Tel. No.: 022 22635000/01 Fax: 022 22635005Email ID: gcpl@computechsharecap.in Website: www.computechsharecap.comH. Share TransferGCPL’s share transfers and other related operations are performed by Computech Sharecap Limited, registered with SEBI. Share transfer is normally effected within a maximum of 15 days from the date of receipt, if all the required documentation is submitted.I. Distribution of ShareholdingDistribution of shareholding by size class as on March 31, 2019Number of sharesNumber of shareholdersShareholders %Number of shares heldShareholding %1-5001,02,93981.48%1,20,06,5191.17%501-1,00011,8849.41%82,06,4280.80%1,001-2,0006,8405.41%98,82,9220.97%2,001-3,0001,7201.36%41,98,5240.41%3,001-4,0007870.62%27,60,3610.27%4,001-5,0003970.31%17,68,6420.17%5,001-10,0007220.57%49,33,2310.48%10,001 & above1,0490.83%97,84,09,46995.72%Total1,26,338100.00%1,02,21,66,096100.00%
Distribution of shareholding by ownership as on March 31, 2019:CategoryShares held (No.)% of holdingPromoter’s HoldingPromoters64,64,88,26763.25%Institutional InvestorsMutual Funds83,96,6840.82%Banks/Financial Institutions36,62,9570.36%Insurance Companies1,38,84,3421.36%Foreign Institutional Investors28,07,12,83127.46%OthersPrivate Corporate Bodies1,48,97,6711.46%Indian Public4,99,54,9324.89%NRI/OCB’s41,68,4120.41%Total1,02,21,66,096100%Shares held (Nos.)Promoters - 63.25%
1.46%
5.29%
63.25%
   Mutual Funds - 0.82%   Banks / Financial Institutions - 0.36% Insurance Companies - 1.36%
27.46%
1.36%
0.82%0.36%
   Foreign Institutional Investors - 27.46%      Private Corporate Bodies - 1.46%Indian Public, NRI’s - 5.29%
J. Shares held in the Physical and Dematerialised FormsBreakup of physical and dematerialised shares as on March 31, 2019:Number of shares%Number of folios%Physical1,01,33,2720.99%	20,01415.84%Demat1,01,20,32,82499.01%	1,06,32484.16%Total1,02,21,66,096100.00%	1,26,338100.00%
Shares held in the Demat mode have more liquidity compared with  those  held in physical mode. Therefore, the Company urges shareholders holding sharesin the physical form to convert their shareholdings to the demat mode. SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/LAD-NRO/ GN/2018/24 dated 8th June, 2018, amended Regulation 40 of SEBI Listing Regulations pursuant to which after1st April, 2019, transfer of securities cannot be processed unless the securities are held
in the dematerialized form with a depository.Members holding shares in physical form  are  requested to dematerialize their holdings at the earliest as it will not be possible to transfer shares held in physical mode going forward.The said measure of SEBI is aimed at curbing fraud and manipulation risk in physical transfer of securities by unscrupulous entities. Transfer of securities in demat form will
improve ease, convenience and safety of transactions for investors. SEBI vide Press Release No. 12/2019 dated 27th March, 2019, clarified that the transfer deed(s) once lodged prior to deadline of 1stApril, 2019 and returned due to deficiency in document(s) may be re-lodged for transfer.K. Outstanding GDRs/ADRs/ Warrants/Convertible Instruments and their Impact on EquityGCPL does not have any outstanding GDRs/ADRs/
174
warrants/convertible instruments.L. Commodity Price Risk or Foreign Exchange Risk and Hedging ActivitiesGCPL is exposed to commodity risks mainly due to imported palm oil derivatives. We enter into fixed price contracts with
overseas suppliers in order to hedge price volatility.In respect of Commodities which are imported at a contracted fixed price, there is a foreign exchange currency risk andthe mitigation of the same is managed by the FOREXCommittee of the Company. The
Committee periodically meets and reviews the overall foreign exchange currency exposure and enters into  forward contracts to hedge the currency risk. Details of hedged and unhedged positions for foreign currency exposures are available in the Notes to Financial statement of the Annual Report
The details of the exposure of the Company to palm oil derivatives is given below:
Commodity Name
Exposure in `(Purchase orders
Exposure in Qty
% of such exposure hedged through commodity derivatives Domestic market	International Market	Total
M. Plant LocationsThe Company’s plants are located in the following states:Name of the State	Location of PlantJammu & Kashmir	SICOP Industrial Estate-Kathua, Hatli Moth-Kathua, Bari Brahmana-Jammu Dist.Himachal Pradesh	Thana-Baddi, Katha-BaddiSikkim	Mamring, South SikkimAssam	Village Sila, Kalapahar, Lokhra, Lalunggaon, Gouripur,Meghalaya	Byrnihat, Rebhoi DistrictMadhya Pradesh	Malanpur Industrial Area, District BhindPondicherry	Kattukuppam - Manpet Post, Nallur Village-Mannadipet Commune, Nedungadu Commune-Karaikal, Thirunallar Commune-KaraikalTamil Nadu	Maraimalainagar-Kanjipuram Dist.
N. Address for Correspondence Shareholders can contact us at our Registered Office:Godrej Consumer Products Limited, 4th Floor, Godrej One, Pirojshanagar, Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli (East), Mumbai - 400 079Tel. No. : 022 25188010/20/30 Fax No. : 022 25188040; EmailID: investor.relations@godrejcp. comWebsite: www.godrejcp.com CIN: L24246MH2000PLC129806Investor correspondence should be addressed to M/s. Computech Sharecap Limited, whose address is providedin this section of the Annual[3] http://godrejcp.com/investor-faq.aspx
Report. To allow us to serve shareholders with greater speed and efficiency, the Company strongly recommends email- based correspondence on all issues, which do not require signature verification for being processed.Shareholders are expected to update any change in their residential address with our RTA to avoid non-receipt ofdividends, annual reports, etc. You can download the form through the link given below3 and submit it with our RTA.O. List of credit ratings obtained during the yearDuring the year rating agencies
have re-affirmed the following existing credit ratings of the Company.[ICRA] A1+ (pronounced as ICRA A one plus) for ` 750 crore Commercial paperCrisil A1+ for ` 750 crore Commercial paperLong term rating at [ICRA] AA+ (pronounced as ICRA double A plus) for unsecured fund based and non-fund based facilities and short term rating at [ICRA] A1+ (pronounced as ICRA A one plus) aggregating to ` 1800 crore.Long term rating at [ICRA] AA+ (pronounced as ICRA double
A plus) for secured fund based and non-fund based facilities and short term rating at [ICRA] A1+ (pronounced as ICRA A one plus) aggregating to ` 200 crore.P. Electronic Credit of Dividend The Company encourages the shareholders to opt for electronic credit of dividend. The system is administered by the RBI, which ensures faster credit of dividends as dividends are directly credited in the electronic form to the bank accounts of the shareholder. Moreover, by availing this facility, shareholders avoid the risk of loss of dividend warrants in transit or fraudulent encashment. Shareholders holding shares in the physical form and who have not opted for the above system may provide the required datato Computech Sharecap Limited in the requisite form, which can be obtained either from GCPL’s registered office or Computech Sharecap Limited or downloaded from the link given below1.Shareholders holding shares in the demat form are requested to provide details to NSDL/ CDSL through their respective depository participants.It may be noted that if the shareholders holding shares in the demat form provide the details directly to the Company, the Company will not be able to act on the same and consequently
dividends cannot be remitted through electronic credit.Q. Consolidation of Shares under one folioThe Company urges shareholders holding shares of GCPL under different folios to consolidate the shares under one folio. This wouldsubstantially reduce paperwork and transaction costs and benefit the shareholders and the Company. Shareholders can do so by writing to the Registrar with details on folio numbers, order of names, shares held under each folio, and the folio under which all shareholding should be consolidated. Share certificates need not be sent.7. OTHER DISCLOSURESA. Materially significant related party transaction that may potentially conflict with the Company’s interestDuring FY 2018-19, there were no materially significant related party transactions; that is, transactions of the Company of material nature with bodies includingits subsidiaries, promoters, directors, management, and relatives, which may have potential conflict with the interests of Company at large. Attention of members is drawn to disclosures of transactions with related parties, as set out in
Notes to Accounts.B. Details of Non-compliance There has not been any non- compliance of mandatory requirements, expected  of the Company. No penalties or strictures were imposed on the Company by the Stock Exchanges, SEBI, or any statutory authority for mattersrelated to capital markets during the last 3 years.C. Vigil Mechanism/ Whistle Blower policyWith a view to establish a mechanism for protecting employees reporting unethical behaviour, frauds, or violation of the Company’s Code of Conduct, the Board of Directors have adopted a Whistle Blower Policy. No person has been denied access to the Audit Committee.D. Web link for PoliciesThe Whistle Blower Policy, the Policy for determining Material Subsidiaries, and the  Policy on dealing with Related PartyTransactions are available on the link given below2E. Utilization of fundsThere were no funds raised through preferential allotment or qualified institutions placement as specified under Regulation 32 (7A) during this financial year.
[1] http://www.godrejcp.com/Resources/pdf/shareholder_faqs/02-GCPL-ECS-form.pdf[2] http://godrejcp.com/codes-and-policies.aspx
F. Unclaimed suspense accountIn compliance with the Listing Regulations, your Company has transferred the unclaimed shares into a demat  account, namely the ‘Unclaimed-Suspense Account’. As and when an allottee approaches the Company, after proper verification, the shares are rematerialized, and physical certificates are delivered to the allottee.
Particulars	No. ofShareholders
No. of Shares
Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares lying in the Unclaimed- Suspense Account at the beginning of the year (01 Apr 2018)1500612,792Number of shareholders and aggregate shares transferred to Unclaimed- Suspense Account during the year on account of Bonus issue by the Company-295,588Number of shareholders who approached the issuer for transfer of shares from the Unclaimed-Suspense Account during the year and aggregate shares transferred3821,616Number of shareholders to whom shares were transferred from the Unclaimed- Suspense Account during the year and the aggregate shares transferred3821,616Number of shareholders to whose shares were transferred from the Unclaimed Suspense Account to the IEPF Account during the year and the aggregate shares transferred--Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares lying in the Unclaimed- Suspense Account at the end of the year (31 Mar 2019)1462886,764
G. Certificate from Practicing Company Secretary on Director’s eligibilityA certificate from a company secretary in practice that none
of the Directors on the  Board of the Company have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of the Companies
by the Board/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or the certificate is enclosed with this section as Annexure A.
H. Details of total fees paid to statutory auditorsThe details of total fees for all the services paid by the Company and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to statutory auditor and all entities in network firms / network entity of which the statutory auditor is a part, are as follows:in ` croreType of Service2018-192017-18Audit fees6.777.66Tax fees0.300.07Others1.000.648.078.37I. Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013:
Received during Financialyear 2018-19
Disposed during Financialyear 2018-19
Pending at the end of Financial year 2018-19
Number of Complaints	0	0	0Note: There was one complaint received during calendar year 2018 which was disposed off during the same period.J. Details of Compliance with Corporate Governance RequirementsThe Company has complied with the requirements specified in Regulation 17 to 27 and clause (b) to (i) of sub- regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of Listing Regulations.K. Recommendation by the Board Committees:There has been no instances of rejection by the Board for any recommendations by the Board Committees during this financial year.
8. PRACTICING COMPANY SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCEAs stipulated in Para E of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations, the Practicing Company Secretary’s Certificate regarding the compliance of conditions of corporate governance is attached to the Board’s Report.DECLARATION BY THE MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEOI, Vivek Gambhir, Managing Director & CEO of Godrej Consumer Products Limited (GCPL) hereby confirm pursuant to SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, that• The Board of Directors of GCPL has laid down a Code of Conduct for all the Board members and senior management of the Company. The said Code of Conduct has also been posted on the Investors page of the Company website www.godrejcp.com• All the Board Members and senior management personnel have affirmed their compliance with the said Code of Conduct for the year ended March 31, 2019.For Godrej Consumer Products Ltd.sd/-           Vivek Gambhir Managing Director & CEOMumbai, May 3, 2019
ANNEXURE A:CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)To,The Members ofGodrej Consumer Products Limited 4th Floor, Godrej One,Pirojshanagar,Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli East, Mumbai - 400079I/We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Godrej Consumer Products Limited having CIN - L24246MH2000PLC129806 and having registered office at Godrej One, Pirojsha nagar, Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli East, Mumbai - 400079 hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with ScheduleV Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Company & its officers. We hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ending on 31st March, 2019 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.Sr.No.Name of DirectorDINDate of appointment in Company1Adi Barjorji Godrej0006596429th Nov, 20002Tanya Arvind Dubhash000260282nd May, 20113Nadir Barjor Godrej0006619529th Nov, 20004Jamshed Naoroji Godrej000762501st Mar, 20015Pirojsha Adi Godrej004329831st Apr, 20176Nisaba Adi Godrej005915032nd May, 20117Vivek Gambhir0652781030th Apr, 20138Narendra Kumar Anand Ambwani002366582nd May, 20119Bharat Narotam Doshi000125411st Apr, 200110Aman Mehta0000936426th Apr, 200611Omkar Goswami0000425818th Jun, 200812Ireena Vittal0519565630th Apr, 201313Ndidi Okonkwo Nwuneli077385741st Apr, 201714Pippa Amerding0805403330th Jan, 2018Ensuring the eligibility of for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.For A. N. Ramani & Co.,Company Secretaries UNIQUE CODE - P2003MH000900Date: 27th May, 2019	Bhavana ShewakramaniPlace: - Thane	PartnerFCS-8636, COP- 9577
GODREJ CONSUMER PRODUCTS LIMITEDSTATEMENT OF PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES PURSUANT TO PROVISIONS OF SECTION 197(12) OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2013 READ WITH COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES 2014A. List of employees employed througout the Financial Year 2018-19 and was in receipt of remuneration which in the aggregate was not less than Rs. 1,02,00,000 (Top 10)Sr NoEMPLOYEE NAMEDesignationQualificationTotal Remuneration (in ?)Date Of EmploymentAgeLast Employment1Vivek GambhirManaging DirectorMBA20,09,42,84701-08-200950Godrej Industries Ltd2Sunil KatariaBusiness Head - India & SAARCMBA9,97,06,56504-02-201151Idea Cellular3Adi GodrejChairman EmeritusB.S., M.S.Engg.& IndustrialManagement7,51,83,06718-02-196477Godrej Soaps Ltd4Nisaba GodrejExecutive ChairpersonBSC from Wharton School,University of Pennsylvania. MBA, Harvard Business School6,87,56,03601-10-200141Godrej Industries Ltd5Dr.R K SinhaHead - Supply Chain,Manufacturing & ITB.Tech.(Mech.); P.G.D.I.E; A. I C.W .A; C F A4,82,95,90601-07-198061Godrej Soaps Ltd6V SrinivasanChief Financial Officer & CompanySecretaryB.com, ACA, ACS3,78,78,19203-07-198954Godrej Properties Ltd7Omar A MominHead - M&AB.Chem.Engg, P.G.D.Mgt,ISB (Hyderabad)3,63,37,00801-06-200139Godrej Industries Ltd8Rajesh TiwariHead - Product SupplyOrganization (India & SAARC)CA3,52,17,73421-03-199061Godrej Soaps Ltd9Parveen DalalHead - Sales (India Business)P.G.D.M.M, IIM (Lucknow)- MBA3,46,35,20228-05-201247Bunge India Ltd10Sunder Nurani MahadevanHead - R&DPHD, MSC, BSC2,83,30,01704-09-200656Dabur Research Foundation11Rahul GamaHead - Human ResourcesB.Com, MBA2,82,71,34201-07-200945Godrej Household Products Ltd12Sameer ShahHead - Finance (India & SAARC)CA, CTM2,34,84,00106-02-200640M/s General Mills India Ltd13Anirban BanerjeeHead- Innovation,PGDM- SCMHRD2,08,39,87219-09-200544Godrej Agrovet Ltd14Darshan GandhiHead -DesignNID- Design2,02,30,58308-06-200939Godrej Industries Ltd15Subrata DeyHead - Information TechnologyBSC, PGDCA2,00,59,57116-12-199854Godrej Household Products Ltd16Somasree BoseHead Marketing - Cinthol, Aer &Protekt (India Business)PGDM - Xaviers Institute of Mgmt,Bhubaneshwar1,87,34,67002-06-200341Godrej Household Products Ltd17Mahnaz ShaikhHead - Human Resources (India &SAARC)Master of Arts1,72,76,22402-01-201738Procter and Gamble18Saurin ShahHead - CMI MarketingMaster in Management1,71,29,59916-04-201645Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies19Milind KorgoankarHead - IT (India & SAARC)Middle Management Program,IIM-A1,71,28,48803-08-201149Godrej Household Products Ltd20R. S. GopalakrishnanHead - Sourcing & ProcurementB.Com, MBA1,55,32,12201-08-198756Godrej Household Products Ltd21K SuryanarayanHead -Treasury and Africa FinanceB.Com, CA1,49,95,87325-06-200146RPG Spencers22Pradeep Kumar MDivisional HeadMBA1,45,27,94304-05-200148Dabur23Subha S IyerHead - Group MediaPost Graduate Diploma ( MediaPlanning from Mudra Institute of Communication)1,44,76,93016-09-200248Mindshare WPP Marketing24Anirudh SinghHead - NBD and IncubationPost Graduation1,38,39,42403-06-199646Godrej Soaps Ltd25Jatin PanchalDivisional Head - EastMBA1,36,16,34725-02-201341Marico India Ltd26Pankaj PariharHead - Digital MarketingMBA1,32,80,36303-03-201441Godrej Industries Ltd27Jishnu BatbayalHead - Strategy & PlanningMBA1,31,81,24403-11-201433Godrej Industries Ltd28Venkateswara Rao YadlapalliHead - R&D (ProductDevelopment)Post Graduate Diploma1,18,98,34219-11-201450Wipro29Ankur KumarHead - Marketing (Home Care)MBA1,18,80,34903-06-201341Britannia Industries Ltd.30Amit JainHead - Trade MarketingMBA1,12,38,02008-07-201139Dabur India Ltd31G SathyanandanDivisional HeadGraduation1,05,15,75504-12-198959Godrej Household Products Ltd32Radhakrishna JagannathHead Supply Chain - International BusinessPost Graduation (Master ofManagement from Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay),1,03,40,88514-03-201244E&Y Pvt Ltd.
B. Employed for a part of the financial year 2018-19 and was in receipt of remuneration for any part of the year at a rate which in the aggregate was not less than Rs. 8,50,000 p.m.Sr NoEMPLOYEE NAMEDesignationQualificationTotal Remuneration RsDate Of EmploymentAgeLast Employment1Kapil PillaiHead - Marketing (India)PGDM, IIM Calcutta3,43,49,11621-06-200448Balsara Home Products2Rajesh ChandraAssociate Vice President - Operations70,45,20414-04-199661Godrej Industries Ltd3Tejwansh Singh BediDivisional HeadMBA2,61,44,54002-10-198556Godrej Industries Ltd4Chandan KumarHead - Marketing (HIT, Ezee, OneRural)PGDM1,00,48,91805-11-200841Godrej Household Products Ltd5Saurabh JhawarHead - Planning & LogisticsMBA95,12,22101-04-201538Godrej Industries LtdNotes1 None of the above-mentioned employees hold more than 2% of Equity Shares either by themselves or along with their spouse/dependent children.2 Nature of Employment whether contractual or otherwisea) The appointments of all the employees is contractual in nature and terminable by three month’s notice from either side.b) The appointment of Mr. Adi Godrej, Chairman Emeritus, Ms. Nisaba Godrej, Executive Chairperson, and Mr. Vivek Gambhir, Managing Director & CEO is further subject to the terms and conditions as may be stated in the resolution for their appointment, passed by the shareholders' from time-to-time.3 Relation with directors(a) Mr Adi Godrej is brother of Mr Nadir Godrej, and father of Ms Tanya Dubash, Ms Nisaba Godrej and Mr Pirojsha Godrej.(b) Ms Nisaba Godrej is daughter of Mr Adi Godrej and sister of Ms Tanya Dubash and Mr Pirojsha Godrej. (c ) Other employees are not related to any director of the company.4 Remuneration includes salary, allowances and various elements of flexible compensation, company's contribution to Provident Fund and taxable value of perquisites as per Income Tax Act, 19615 The designations represent the nature of duties performed by the employees.6 In the case of all the employees, the age shown is as of last birth date and the particulars of previous employment pertain to the immediate past employment.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTSI. Standalone	182II. Consolidated	241
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
To the Members ofGodrej Consumer Products Limited Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial StatementsOpinionWe have audited the standalone financial statements of Godrej Consumer Products Limited (“the Company”), which comprise the standalone balance sheet as at 31 March 2019, and the standalone statement of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), standalone statement of changes in equity and standalone statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the standalone financial statements, including a summary of the significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the
explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone financial statementsgive the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) in the manner so required and give atrue and fair view in conformity with  the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at 31 March 2019, and profit and other comprehensive income, changes in equity and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.Basis for OpinionWe conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) ofthe Act. Our responsibilities under those SAs are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the standalone financial statements under the provisions  of the Act and the Rules thereunder,and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Codeof Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.Key Audit MattersKey audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the standalone financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our auditof the standalone financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
The key audit matter	How the matter was addressed in our audit
Revenue recognition (refer note 27 to the standalone financial statements)Revenue is measured net of discounts and rebates/schemes earned by customers on the Company’s sales.Due to the Company’s presence across different marketing regions within the country and the competitive business environment, the estimation of the various types of discounts, incentives and rebate schemes to be recognised based on sales made during the year is material and considered to be judgmental.Therefore, there is a risk of revenue being misstated as a result of faulty estimations over discounts, incentives and rebates.Revenue is recognised when the control of the products being sold has transferred to the customer. There is a risk of revenue being overstated due to fraud through manipulation on the timing of transfer of control resulting from the pressure on management to achieve performance targets at the reporting period end.
Our audit procedures included:l	Assessing the appropriateness of the revenue recognition accounting policies, including those relating to discounts and rebates/schemes by comparing with applicable accounting standards.l	Testing the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of the Company’s general IT controls and key IT/manual application controls over the Company’s systems which govern recording of revenue and rebates/schemes in the general ledger accounting system.l	Performing substantive testing (including year-end cut-off testing) by selecting samples of revenue transactions recorded during the year (and before and after the financial year end) by verifying the underlying documents, which included sales invoices/contracts and shipping documents. We compared the historicaldiscounts, rebates/schemes and allowances to current payment trends. We also considered the historical accuracy of the Company’s estimates in previous years.

The key audit matter	How the matter was addressed in our auditl	Performing substantive testing by checking samples of rebate/schemes transactions to supporting documentation.l	We assessed manual journals posted to revenue to identify unusual items.l	Considering the adequacy of the Company’s disclosures in respect of revenue.The key audit matter	How the matter was addressed in our audit
Intangible Assets - impairment evaluation of indefinite life intangibles (refer note 4 to the standalone financial statements)The carrying amount of indefinite life intangible assets represent 12 % of the Company’s total assets.We consider the recoverability assessment of such intangible assets, including the review of indefinite useful life by management to involve significant estimates and judgement, due to the inherent uncertainty involved in forecasting and discounting future cash flows.  Further due to their materiality in the context of total assets of the Company this is considered significant to our overall audit strategy and planning.
Our audit procedures included:l	Assessing the valuation methodology and evaluating and challenging the reasonableness of the assumptions used, in particular those relating to forecast revenue growth, discount rate and royalty rates, with the assistance of our valuations team;l	Performing sensitivity analysis on the assumptions noted above; andl	Considering the adequacy of disclosures in respect of these intangible assets.
The key audit matter	How the matter was addressed in our audit
Investments in Subsidiaries and Associates – impairment evaluation (refer note 5 to the standalone financial statements)The carrying amount of the investments in subsidiaries and associates held at cost less impairment represents 44 % of the Company’s total assets.We do not consider the valuation of these investments to be at a high risk of significant misstatement, or to be subjectto a significant level of judgement. Further due to their materiality in the context of total assets of the Company, this is considered to be significant to our overall audit strategy and planning.
Our audit procedures included:l	Comparing the carrying amount of investments with the relevant subsidiaries / associates balance sheet to identify whether their net assets, being anapproximation of their minimum recoverable amount, were in excess of their carrying amount and assessing whether those subsidiaries/associates have historically been profit-making;l	Considering the adequacy of disclosures in respect of investments in subsidiaries and associates.

Other InformationThe Company’s management and Board of Directors are responsible for the other information. The otherinformation comprises the information included in the Company’s annual report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditors’ report thereon.Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.In connection with our audit of the standalone financial statements, our
responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the standalone financial statements  or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude thatthere is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.Management’s Responsibility for the Standalone Financial Statements The Company’s management and
Board of Directors are responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to  the preparation of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the state of affairs, profit and other comprehensiveincome, changes in equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including theIndian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under section 133 of the Act. This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding
of the assets of the Company and  for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection andapplication of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.In preparing the standalone financial statements, management and Board of Directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continueas a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related togoing concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but todo so.The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial StatementsOur objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the standalone financial  statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonableassurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements  can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the  economicdecisions of users taken on the basis of these standalone financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:l	Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.l	Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the company has adequate internalfinancial controls with reference to standalone financial statementsin place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.l	Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.l Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accountingand, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that  may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as agoing concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
disclosures in the standalone financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date  of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.l	Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the standalone financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit  and  significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements (Continued)We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bearon our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the standalone financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing
so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements1. As required by the Companies (Auditors’ Report) Order, 2016 (“the Order”) issued by the Central Government in terms of section 143 (11) of the Act, we give in the “Annexure A” a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.(A) As required by section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of ourknowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit.b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far asit appears from our examination of those books.c) The standalone balance sheet, the standalone statement of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), the standalone statement of changes in equity and the standalone statement of cash flows dealtwith by this Report are in agreement with the books of account.d) In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the Ind AS specified under section 133 of the Act.e) 
On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on 31 March 2019 taken on record by the Board of Directors, none of the directorsis disqualified as on 31 March 2019 from being appointed as a  director in terms of section 164(2) of the Act.f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements of the Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure B”.(B) With respect to the other matters to be included  in the Auditors’ Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in ouropinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us:i. The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations  as at 31 March 2019 on  its financial position in its standalone financialstatements - Refer Note 38 to the standalone financial statements;ii. The Company has made provision, as required under the applicable law or accounting standards, for material foreseeable losses, if any, on long- term contracts including derivative contracts- Refer Note 24 to the standalone financial statements ;iii. 
There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and Protection Fund by the Company;iv. The disclosures in the standalone financial statements regarding holdings as well as dealings in specified bank notes  during the period from 8 November 2016 to 30 December 2016 havenot been made in these standalone financial statements since they do not pertain to the financial year ended 31 March 2019.(C) With respect to the matter to be included in the Auditors’ Report under section 197(16) of the Act:In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the Company to its directors during the current year is in accordance with the provisionsof section 197 of the Act. The remuneration paid to any director is not in excess of the limit laid down under section 197 of the Act. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has not prescribed other details under section 197(16) of the Act which are required to be commented upon by us.For B S R & Co. LLP            Chartered Accountants Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022Vijay MathurPartnerMembership No: 046476Mumbai : 3 May 2019
Annexure A to the Independent Auditor’s Report - 31 March 2019 (Referred to in our report of even date)(i) (a) The Company has maintained proper records showingfull particulars, including quantitative details and situation of fixed assets.(b) The Company has a regular programme of physical verification of its fixed assets by which all fixed assetsare verified in a phased manner over a period of three years. In accordance with this programme, certain fixed assets were physically verified by the management during the year and the discrepancies reported on such verification were not material and have been properly dealt with in the books of account. In our opinion, this periodicityof physical verification is reasonable having regard to the size of the Company and nature of its assets.(c) According to the information and explanations given to us, the title deeds of immovable properties, as disclosed in Note 3 to the standalone financial statements are held in the name of the Company.(ii) The inventory, except goods- in-transit, has been physically verified by the management at reasonable intervals during theyear. In our opinion, the frequency of such verification is reasonable. In respect of inventory lying with third parties, these have been substantially confirmed by them. The discrepancies noticed on verification between the physical stocks and the book records were not material.(iii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations
given to us, the Company has  not granted any loans, secured  or unsecured, to companies, firms, limited liability partnerships or other parties covered in theregister maintained under Section 189 of the Act. Accordingly, paragraph 3(iii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.(iv) The Company has not granted any loans or provided any guarantees or security to the parties covered under Section 185 of the Act.The Company has complied with the provisions of Section 186 of the Act in respect of investments made or guarantees providedto the parties covered under Section 186. The Company has not granted any loans or provided any security to the parties covered under Section 186 of the Act.(v) The Company has not accepted deposits from the public to which the directives issued by the Reserve Bank of India and the provisions of Sections 73 to 76  of the Act and the rules framed thereunder apply. Accordingly, paragraph 3(v) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.(vi) We have broadly reviewed the records maintained by the Company pursuant to therules prescribed by the Central Government for maintenance of cost records under sub section (1) of Section 148 of the Act and are of the opinion that prima facie, the prescribed accounts and records have been made and maintained.However, we have not made a detailed examination of therecords with a view to determine whether they are accurate or complete.(vii) (a) According to the information and explanations given to us and records of the Company examined by us, in our opinion, the Company is generally regular in depositing
the undisputed statutory dues including provident fund, employees’ state insurance, income-tax, duties of customs, goods and service tax, cess and other material statutory dues, as applicable, with the appropriate authorities.According to the information and explanations given to us, no undisputed amounts payable in respect of provident fund, employees’ state insurance, income-tax, duty of customs, goods and service tax, cess, and other material statutory dues were in arrears as at 31 March 2019 for a period of morethan six months from the date they became payable.Also, refer note 38 (e) to the standalone financial statements.(b) According to the information and explanations given to us, there are no dues of income- tax, sales tax, service tax, duty of customs, duty of excise, value added tax and goods and service tax which have not been deposited with the appropriate authorities on account of any dispute other than those mentioned in the Appendix I to this report.(viii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not defaulted in repayment of dues to banks and financial institutions.The Company does not have any loans or borrowings fromGovernment, nor has it issued any debentures.(ix) The Company has not raised any money by way of initial public offer, further public offer (including debt instruments) and term loans during the year. Accordingly, the
provisions of paragraph 3(ix) of the Order are not applicable to the Company.(x) According to the information and explanations given to us, no material fraud by the Company or on the Company by its officers or employees has been noticed or reported during the course of our audit.(xi) According to the  information and explanations given to us  and based on our  examination of the records, the Company has paid/provided for managerial remuneration in accordance withthe requisite approvals mandated by the provisions of Section 197 read with Schedule V to the Act.(xii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi company. Accordingly,paragraph 3(xii) of the Order is not applicable.Appendix I(xiii) 
According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records of the Company, transactions with the related parties are in compliance with Sections 177 and 188 of the Act where applicable. The details of such related party transactions have been disclosed in the standalone financial statements as required by the applicable accounting standards.(xiv) According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records, the Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or fully or partly convertible debentures during the year. Accordingly, paragraph 3(xiv) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.(xv) According to the information and explanations given to us
and based on our  examination of the records, the Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with directors or persons connected with him.Accordingly, paragraph 3(xv) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.(xvi) The Company is not required to be registered under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Accordingly, paragraph3(xvi) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.For B S R & Co. LLP            Chartered Accountants Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022Vijay MathurPartnerMembership No: 046476Mumbai : 3 May 2019
Name of the Statute	Nature of dues	Amount in crores*(`)
Period to which amount relates
Forum where dispute is pending
Central Sales tax Act and Local Sales tax Act
Sales tax (including interest and penalty, if applicable)
26.67	2002 to 2018	Supreme Court10.33	1999 to 2016	High court9.28	2000 to 2016	Tribunal2.00	2007 to 2017	Joint Commissioner (Appeal)5.42	2002 to 2014	Appellate authority3.42	2002 to 2016	Assessing Officer0.17	1997 to 2007	Appellate Assistant Commissioner
2.63	2013-142014-15
Additional Commissioner of State Taxes (Appeal)
1.26	2004 to 2007	Appellate and Revisional Board
1.15	2005-06, 2009-10and 2014-15
Deputy Commissioner
The Central Excise Act	Excise duty (includinginterest and penalty, if applicable)Income tax Act, 1961	Income tax (includinginterest and penalty, if applicable)
0.21	1998-99	Deputy Commissioner (Appeals)38.25	2007-08 to 2010-11      Commissioner of Central Excise5.98	2004 to 2019	Commissioner (Appeals)51.04	2007 to 2017	Customs, Excise and Service Tax Appellate Tribunal of various states8.31	1993-1996	Supreme Court8.64	2005 to 2010	High court5.73	2005 to 2014	Income tax Appellate Tribunal
*Net of amounts paid in protest.
Annexure B to the Independent Auditors’ report on the standalone financial statementsReport on the internal financial controls with reference to the aforesaid standalone financial statements under Clause (i) ofSub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013(Referred to in paragraph 1 (A) (f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of even date)OpinionWe have audited the internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements of Godrej Consumer Products Limited (“the Company”) as of 31 March 2019in conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial statements of the Company for the year ended on that date.In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements and such internal financial controls were operating effectively as at 31 March 2019, based on the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “Guidance Note”).Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial ControlsThe Company’s management and the Board of Directors are responsiblefor establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal financial controls with
reference to financial statements criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note. These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly  and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy  and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparationof reliable financial information, asrequired under the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”).Auditors’ ResponsibilityOur responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the GuidanceNote and the Standards on Auditing, prescribed under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controlswith reference to financial statements. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with  ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial  statements were established and maintainedand whether such controls operated effectively in all material respects.Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls
with reference to standalone financial statements included obtaining an understanding of such internal financial controls, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.Auditors’ Responsibility (Continued)We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the  Company’sinternal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements.Meaning of Internal Financial controls with Reference to Financial StatementsA company’s internal financial controls with reference to financial statements is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statementsfor external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial controls with reference to financial statements include those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactionsand dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the companyare being made only in accordance with authorisations of management
and directors of the company; and(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s  assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial controls with Reference to Financial StatementsBecause of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference
to financial statements, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial controlswith reference to financial statements may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.For B S R & Co. LLP            Chartered Accountants Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022Vijay MathurPartnerMembership No: 046476Mumbai : 3 May 2019
STANDALONE BALANCE SHEET AS AT MARCH 31, 2019` CroreNoteAs atAs atNo.March 31, 2019March 31, 2018I.	ASSETS1.	Non-current assets(a)Property, Plant and Equipment     3	 	526.20 	489.68 (b)Capital work-in-progress 	   	30.84 	50.58 (c)Goodwill     4	 	2.48 	2.48 (d)Other Intangible assets     4	 	814.83 	821.90 (e)Intangible assets under development 	   	1.16 	1.80 (f)Financial Assets 	   	   	(i)	Investments in subsidiaries and associates     5	 	2,947.46 	2,949.61 (ii)	Other Investments     6	 	- 	105.20 (iii) Loans     7	 	16.99 	16.32 (iv) Others     8	 	31.07 	4.27 (g)Deferred tax assets (Net)    21 	374.23 	- (h)Other non-current assets     9	 	52.10 	46.01 (i)Non-current Tax Assets (Net)    10 	22.84	19.66 Total Non Current Assets 	   	4,820.20	4,507.51 2.	Current assets 	   	   	(a) Inventories    11 	615.12 	576.25 (b) Financial Assets 	   	   	(i)	Investments    12 	477.34 	847.65 (ii)	Trade receivables    13 	353.18 	248.58 (iii) Cash and cash equivalents   14 A 	79.69 	86.11 (iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above   14 B 	17.55 	12.00 (v) Loans     15 	0.14 	0.25 (vi) Others     16 	138.83 	193.24 (c) Other current assets     17 	162.50	152.49 Total Current Assets 	   	1,844.35	2,116.57 TOTAL ASSETS 	   	6,664.55	6,624.08 II.	EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 	   	   	1.	EQUITY 	   	   	(a) Equity Share capital     18 	102.22 	68.13 (b) Other Equity     19 	4,823.94	4,573.46 Total Equity 	   	4,926.16	4,641.59 2.	LIABILITIES 	   	   	Non-current liabilities 	   	   	(a) Provisions     20 	56.32 	51.66 (b) Deferred tax liabilities (Net)     21 	- 	228.46 (c) Other non-current liabilities     22 	28.09	17.75 Total Non Current Liabilities 	   	84.41	297.87 Current liabilities 	   	   	(a) Financial Liabilities 	   	   	(i)	Trade payables 	   	   	(a) Total outstanding dues of Micro and Small Enterprises     23 	53.49 	- (b)     Total outstanding dues of creditors other than Micro and Small	23	1,404.12	1,452.92Enterprises	 	   	   	(ii)	Other financial liabilities	 24 	48.82 	39.00 (b)     Other current liabilities	 25 	107.67 	154.81 (c)    Provisions	 26 	38.92 	36.93 (d)     Current tax Liabilities (Net)	 26 A 	0.96	0.96  	Total Current Liabilities	 	1,653.98	1,684.62 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES	6,664.55	6,624.08The accompanying notes 1 to 50 are an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements.As per our report of even date attached For B S R & Co. LLPChartered AccountantsFor and on behalf of the BoardNisaba GodrejFirm Regn No. 101248W/W-100022Executive Chairperson DIN: 00591503Vijay MathurV SrinivasanVivek GambhirPartnerChief Financial OfficerManaging Director & CEOM. No. 046476& Company SecretaryDIN: 6527810Mumbai: May 3, 2019
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2019` CroreNote No.  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018RevenueI	Revenue from Operations275,679.315,354.74II	Other Income2894.4573.89III	Total Income (I + II)5,773.765428.63IV	ExpensesCost of Materials Consumed292,030.821,884.95Purchases of Stock-in-Trade254.70247.42Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Stock-in-Trade and Work-in-Progress3027.7546.24Excise Duty-93.72Employee Benefits Expense31351.50355.51Finance Costs3264.8651.89Depreciation and Amortization Expense3369.0763.30Other Expenses341,501.981,396.59Total Expenses4,300.684,139.62V	Profit Before Tax (V+VI)1,473.081,289.01VI	Tax Expense(1) Current Tax320.66283.28(2) Deferred Tax (Refer Note 21)(602.56)5.86Total Tax Expense(281.90)289.14VII Profit for the Year (VII-VIII)1,754.98999.87VIII Other Comprehensive IncomeA	(i)	Items that will not be reclassified to profit or lossRemeasurements of defined benefit plans(0.38)(4.60)(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss0.212.63Total Comprehensive Income for the year (IX+X)1,754.81997.90IX	Earnings per Equity Share (Face Value ` 1)35(1) Basic (`)17.179.78(2) Diluted (`)17.179.78The accompanying notes 1 to 50 are an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements.As per our report of even date attached For B S R & Co. LLPChartered AccountantsFor and on behalf of the BoardNisaba GodrejFirm Regn No. 101248W/W-100022Executive Chairperson DIN: 00591503Vijay MathurV SrinivasanVivek GambhirPartnerChief Financial OfficerManaging Director & CEOM. No. 046476& Company SecretaryDIN: 6527810Mumbai: May 3, 2019
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2019` CroreYear endedYear endedMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018A. CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIESProfit Before Tax1,473.081,289.01Adjustment for:Depreciation and amortisation69.0763.30Unrealised Foreign Exchange (Gain) / Loss3.081.65Bad Debts Written off0.950.30Provision / (Write-back) for Doubtful Debts / Advances0.050.31Provision for Non Moving Inventory(0.63)12.45Write back of Old Balances(0.21)(0.78)Expenses on Employee Stock Grant Scheme (ESGS)9.128.72Finance Costs64.8651.89(Profit) / Loss on Fixed Assets Sold / Discarded (Net)0.434.14(Profit) / Loss on Sale of Investments (Net)(8.03)(18.54)Fair value Gain/ (Loss) on financial assets measured at FVTPL(0.01)8.14Corporate Guarantee Commission(16.57)(16.73)Interest Income(60.20)(41.77)61.9173.08Operating Cash Flows Before Working Capital Changes1,534.991,362.09Adjustments for:Increase in inventories(38.24)(26.78)Increase in trade receivables(105.55)(40.10)Increase in loans(0.56)(1.13)(Increase) / Decrease in other financial assets27.61(9.08)Increase in other non-financial assets(14.16)(106.14)Increase in trade payable and other financial liabilities15.54331.14Increase/ (Decrease) non - financial liabilities and provisions(13.50)6.97(128.86)154.88Cash Generated from Operating Activities1,406.131,516.97Adjustment for:Income taxes paid (Net)(323.97)(281.53)Net Cash Flow from Operating Activities ( A )1,082.161,235.44B. CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIESPurchase of Property, Plant & Equipment and Intangible assets (Net)(81.87)(119.23)Sale of Property, Plant & Equipment and Intangibles1.316.19Investments in Mutual Funds (Net)102.66328.33Investments in Deposits with NBFCs (Net)192.44(90.14)Investments in Non Convertible Debentures with NBFCs (Net)86.06(212.20)Investments in Commercial Papers97.04(97.04)Investments in Fixed Deposits having maturities greater than 3 months (Net)(5.55)(1.45)Investments in Subsidiaries2.28(156.52)Interest Received65.6239.64Net Cash Flow from/ (used in) Investing Activities ( B )459.99(302.42)
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2019` CroreYear endedYear endedMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018C. CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIESProceeds from Allotment of Equity Shares under ESGS*0.000.01Expenses on issue of bonus shares(0.75)(0.71)Proceeds/ (Repayments) from Commercial Paper-(148.97)Proceeds from Short-term loans50.00Repayment of Short-term loans(50.00)Finance costs paid(69.13)(47.30)Dividend Paid(1,226.52)(613.12)Dividend Distribution Tax Paid(252.11)(124.82)Net Cash Flow used in Financing Activities ( C )(1,548.50)(934.91)NET INCREASE / (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (A+B+C)(6.35)(1.89)CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS:As at the beginning of the year (Refer Note 14 A)86.1188.00Unrealised Foreign Exchange Restatement in Cash and Cash Equivalents(0.07)-As at the end of the year (Refer Note 14 A)79.6986.11* amounts less than ` 0.01 croreNotes:1 The above Statement of Cash Flows has been prepared under the ‘Indirect Method’ as set out in IND AS 7, ‘Statement of Cash Flows.’2 The accompanying notes 1 to 50 are an integral part of the standalone financial statementsAs per our report of even date attachedFor and on behalf of the BoardFor B S R & Co. LLPChartered AccountantsFirm Regn No. 101248W/W-100022Nisaba Godrej Executive Chairperson DIN: 00591503Vijay MathurV SrinivasanVivek GambhirPartnerChief Financial OfficerManaging Director & CEOM. No. 046476& Company SecretaryDIN: 6527810Mumbai: May 3, 2019
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2019(a) Equity share capital` CroreNote No.As at April 1, 2017	34.06Changes in equity share capital during the year	34.07As at March 31, 2018	68.13As at April 1, 2018	68.13Changes in equity share capital during the year	18	34.09As at March 31, 2019	102.22
(b) Other equity (Refer Note 19)
Securities Premium
Reserves & SurplusGeneral	Others Reserve
Retained Earnings
 Other Comprehensive IncomeEffective portion of Cash Flow Hedges
` CroreTotal
Balance at April 1, 20181,424.51154.0513.192,982.46(0.75)4,573.46Profit for the year---1,754.98-1,754.98Remeasurements of defined benefit plans (net of tax)---(0.17)-(0.17)Total comprehensive income for the year---1,754.81-1,754.81Dividends---(1,226.52)-(1,226.52)Dividend Distribution Tax (DDT)---(252.11)-(252.11)Premium Received on Allotment of Shares / Exercise of Share options8.34-(8.34)---Deferred employee compensation expense--9.12--9.12Issue of Bonus Shares(34.07)----(34.07)Expenses on Issue of Bonus Shares(0.75)----(0.75)Balance at March 31, 20191,398.03154.0513.973,258.64(0.75)4,823.94
Securities Premium
Reserves & SurplusGeneral	Others Reserve
Retained Earnings
Other Comprehensive IncomeEffective portion of Cash Flow Hedges
Total
Balance at April 1, 20171,452.31154.0511.442,722.50(0.75)4,339.55Profit for the year---999.87-999.87Remeasurements of defined benefit plans (net of tax)---(1.97)-(1.97)Total comprehensive income for the year---997.90-997.90Dividends---(613.12)-(613.12)Dividend Distribution Tax (DDT)---(124.82)-(124.82)Premium Received on Allotment of Shares / Exercise of Share options6.97-(6.97)---Deferred employee compensation expense--8.72--8.72Issue of Bonus Shares(34.06)----(34.06)Expenses on Issue of Bonus Shares(0.71)----(0.71)Balance at March 31, 20181,424.51154.0513.192,982.46(0.75)4,573.46The accompanying notes 1 to 50 are an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements.As per our report of even date attached For B S R & Co. LLPChartered AccountantsFor and on behalf of the BoardNisaba GodrejFirm Regn No. 101248W/W-100022Executive Chairperson DIN: 00591503Vijay MathurV SrinivasanVivek GambhirPartnerChief Financial OfficerManaging Director & CEOM. No. 046476& Company SecretaryDIN: 6527810Mumbai: May 3, 2019
NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2019
1. CORPORATE INFORMATION Godrej Consumer Products Limited (the Company) was incorporated on November 29, 2000, to take over the consumer products business of Godrej Soaps Limited (subsequently renamed as Godrej Industries Limited), pursuant to a Scheme of Arrangement as approvedby the High Court, Mumbai. The Company is a fast moving consumer goods Company, manufacturing and marketing Household and Personal Care products. The Company is apublic Company limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled in India and is listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and the National Stock Exchange (NSE).The Company’s registered office is at 4th Floor, Godrej One, Pirojshanagar, Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli (east), Mumbai – 400 079.2. BASIS OF PREPARATION, MEASUREMENT AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES2.1 Basis of Preparation and measurementa) Basis of PreparationThe Standalone financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) as notified by Ministry of Corporate Affairs pursuant to Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 assubsequently amended and other relevant provisions of the Act.Current versus non-current classificationAll assets and liabilities have been classified as current or non-current as per the Company’s normal
operating cycle and other criteria set out in the Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013. Based on the nature of products and the time taken between acquisition of assets for processing and  their realization in cash and cash equivalents, the Company hasascertained its operating cycle as twelve months for the purpose of the classification of assets and liabilities into current and non- current.The financial statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2019 were approved for issue in accordance with theresolution of the Board of Directors on May 3, 2019.b) Basis of MeasurementThese financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the following assets and liabilities which have been measured at fair value:• Certain financial assets and liabilities (including derivative instruments) measured at fair value (refer accounting policy regarding financial instruments -2.5.f),• Defined benefit plans – plan assets/(liability) and share- based payments measured at fair value (Note 42 & 43)2.2 Key judgements, estimates and assumptionsIn preparing these financial statements, management has made judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect theapplication of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.The areas involving critical estimates or judgements are:i. 
Determination of the estimated useful lives of tangible assets and the assessment as to which components of the cost may be capitalized; (Note 2.5 (a))ii. Determination of the estimated useful  lives of intangible assets anddetermining intangible assets having an indefinite useful life; (Note 2.5 (b))iii. Recognition and measurement of defined benefit obligations, key actuarial assumptions; (Note 42)iv. Recognition and measurement of provisions and contingencies, key assumptions about the likelihood and magnitude ofan outflow of resources; (Note 2.5 (j))v. Fair valuation of employee share options, Key assumptions made with respect to expected volatility; (Note 2.5 (l)(ii))vi. Fair values of financial instruments (Note 2.3)vii. Impairment of financial and Non- Financial assets (Note 2.5.(d) and (f))viii. Recognition of deferred tax assets – availability of future taxable profits against which deferred tax assets (e.g. MAT) can be used (Note 21)2.3 Measurement of fair values The Company’s accounting policies and disclosures require financial instruments to be measured at fair values.The Company has an established
control framework with respect to the measurement of fair values. The Company uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.The management regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. If third party information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, isused to measure fair values, then the management assesses the evidence obtained from the third parties to support the conclusion that such valuations meet the requirements of Ind AS, including the level in the fair value hierarchy in which such valuations should be classified.Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation techniques as follows.Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).If the inputs used to measure the fair value of an asset or a liability fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy, then the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement.
The Company recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting period during which the change has occurred. Furtherinformation about the assumptions made in measuring fair value is included in the Note 2.5.(f).2.4 Standards issued but not yet effectiveIND AS 116: LeasesOn March 30, 2019, Ministry of Corporate Affairs has notified Ind AS 116, Leases. Ind AS 116 will replace Ind AS 17 Leases and related Interpretations and will be effective from April 1, 2019.The Standard sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both parties to a contract i.e., the lessee and the lessor. Ind AS 116 introduces a single, on-balance sheet lessee accounting model and requires a lessee to recognize assets and liabilities for all leases with a term of more than 12 months, unless the underlying asset is of short term or low value.The standard allows two approaches of transition – 1) Full retrospective, 2) Modified retrospective.In full retrospective approach, the effect of applying the standard is recognized in each prior period retrospectively. In case of modified retrospective approach, the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard is recognized on the date of transition in the financials.Under modified retrospective approach, the lessee records the lease liability as the present value of the remaining lease payments, discounted at the incremental borrowing rate and the right of use asset as if the standard had been
applied since the commencement date, but discounted at lessee’s incremental borrowing rate atthe date of initial application with some exceptions allowed under practical expedients.GCPL is proposing to use ‘Modified Retrospective Approach’ for transition to Ind-AS 116along with certain available practical expedients and take the cumulative adjustment to retained earnings on the date ofinitial application i.e. April 1, 2019. Accordingly, comparatives for the year ended March 31, 2019 will not be retrospectively adjusted.The Company has completed its preliminary evaluation of possible impact of Ind-AS 116, based on which no significant impact is expected, other than additional disclosures as required under by the new standard.Based on the preliminary evaluation, the effect of adoption on the new standard will mainly result in an increase in right of use asset by approximately ` 16.48 crores,an increase in lease liability by approximately ` 19.04 crores and adjustment to retained earnings by approximately ` 2.56 crores.Ind AS 12 Income Taxes: Appendix C – Uncertainty over Income Tax TreatmentsThis interpretation, which will be effective from April 1, 2019, clarifies how entities shouldevaluate and reflect uncertainties over income tax treatments, in particular when assessing the outcome a tax authority might reach with full knowledge and information if it were to make an examination. This amendment is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company’s standalone financial statements based on currently available information.
2.5 Significant Accounting Policiesa) Property, Plant and EquipmentRecognition and measurement Items of property, plant and equipment, other than Freehold Land, are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Freehold land is carried at cost and is not depreciated.The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price, including import duties and non-refundable purchase taxes, after deducting trade discounts and rebates,any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition for its intended use and estimated costs of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the item and restoring the site on which it is located. If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then they are accounted for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.Any gain or loss on derecognition of an item of property, plantand equipment is included in profit or loss when the item is derecognised.Subsequent expenditure Subsequent costs are included in the assets carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset,as appropriate only if it is probable that the future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Company and that thecost of the item can be reliably measured. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as  a separate asset is derecognized when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit and loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.
DepreciationDepreciation is provided, under the Straight Line Method, pro rata to the period of use, based on useful lives specified in Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013 except for the following items where useful lives estimated bythe management based on internal technical assessment, past trends and expected operational lives differ from those provided in Schedule II of the Companies Act 2013:• Leasehold land is amortised equally over the lease period.• Leasehold Improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the unexpired period of the lease and the estimated useful life of the assets.• Office Equipments are depreciated over 5 to 10 years.• Tools are depreciated over a period of 9 years, and dies and moulds over 3 years.• Vehicles are depreciated over a period ranging from 5 years to 8 years depending on the use of vehicles.Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.b) Goodwill and other Intangible AssetsIntangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired in a business combination is their fair value at the date of acquisition. Following initial recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less any amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Internally generated intangibles, excluding eligible development
costs are not capitalized and the related expenditure is reflected in profit and loss in the period inwhich the expenditure is incurred.The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as either finite or indefinite.GoodwillGoodwill on acquisition of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it  is  tested for impairment annually or morefrequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.Other intangible assets Intangible assets with finite lives are amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is anindication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortization method and period are reviewed at least at the end of each reporting period. Changes in the expected useful life or expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the assets are considered to modify amortization period or method,as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting estimates.Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortised, but are tested for impairment annually. The assessment of indefinite life is reviewed annuallyto determine whether the indefinite life continues to be supportable. If not, the change in useful life from indefinite to finite is made on a prospective basis.Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured as the
difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognized.AmortisationAmortisation is calculated to write off the cost of intangible assets less their estimated residual values using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, and is recognised in Statement of profit  or loss.The estimated useful lives for current and comparative periods are as follows:Software licences	6 yearsTrademarks	10 years Technical knowhow	10 yearsGoodknight and Hit (Brands) are assessed as intangibles having indefinite useful life and arenot amortised in the financial statements.Residual value, is estimated to be immaterial by management and hence has been considered at ` 1.c) Borrowing CostsInterest and other borrowing costs attributable to qualifying assets are capitalized. Other interest and borrowing costs are charged to revenue.d) Impairment of non-financial assetsAn impairment loss is recognised whenever the carrying value of an asset or a cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount. Recoverable amount of an asset or a cash-generating unit is the higher of its fair value less costs  of disposal and its value in use. An impairment loss, if any, is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which the impairment takes place. The impairment loss is allocated
first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if any) allocated to the cash generating unit and then to the other assets of the unit, pro rata based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit.Goodwill and intangible  assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortization and are tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events and changesin circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable.e) Assets held for saleNon-current assets or disposal groups comprising of assets and liabilities are classified as ‘held for sale’ if it is highly probable that they will be recovered primarily through sales rather than through continuing use.Subsequently, such non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for saleare measured at lower of its carrying value and fair value less costs to sell. Losses on initial classification as held for sale and subsequent gains and losses on re-measurement are recognised in profit and loss. Non-current assetsheld for sale are not depreciated or amortised.f) Financial InstrumentsA financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.Financial instruments also include derivative contracts such as foreign currency foreign exchange forward contracts, futures and currency options.(i) Financial assetsInitial recognition and
measurementAll financial assets are recognised initially at fair value plus, in the case of financial assets not recorded at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Purchases or sales of financial assets that require deliveryof assets within a time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place (regular way trades) are recognised on the trade date, i.e., the date  that the Company commits to purchase or sell the asset.Subsequent measurementFor the purpose of subsequent measurement, financial assets are classified in four categories:• Financial assets at amortised cost.• Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI).• Financial assets at fair value through profit (FVTPL).• Equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI).On the basis of its business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset.Financial assets at amortised cost• A financial asset is measured at the amortised cost if both the following conditions are met: The asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold  assets for collecting contractual cash flows, and Contractualterms of the asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding.
After initial measurement, such financial assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the Effective Interest Rate (EIR) method. Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs thatare an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortisation is included in finance income in the profit or loss. The losses arising from impairment are recognised in the profit or loss. This category generally applies to trade and other receivables. For more information on receivables, refer to Note 46 (B).Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL)Any financial asset, which does not meet the criteria for categorization as at amortizedcost or as FVTOCI, is classified as at FVTPL.In addition, the Company may, at initial recognition, irrevocably designate a financial asset,which otherwise meets amortized cost or FVTOCI criteria, as at FVTPL. However, such election is allowed only if doing so reduces  or eliminates a measurement or recognition inconsistency (referred to as ‘accounting mismatch’).Financial assets included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss.Equity investmentsAll equity investments within the scope of Ind-AS 109 are measured at fair value. Equity instruments which are held fortrading are classified as at FVTPL. For all other equity instruments, the Company decides to classify the same either as at FVTOCIor FVTPL. The Company makes such election on an instrument- by-instrument basis. The classification is made on initial
recognition and is irrevocable. If the Company decides to classify an equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value changes on the instrument, excluding dividends, are recognized in the Other Comprehensive Income (OCI).There is no recycling of the amounts from OCI to profit and loss, even on sale of investment. However, the Company may transfer the cumulative gain or loss within equity.Equity instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes recognized in the profit and loss.Investments in Subsidiaries and Associates:Investments in subsidiaries and associates are carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses, if any. Where an indication of impairment exists, the carrying amount of the investment is assessed and written down immediately to its recoverable amount. On disposal of investments in subsidiaries andassociates, the difference between net disposal proceeds and the carrying amounts are recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss.DerecognitionA financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or a part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e. removed from the Company’s balance sheet) when:• The contractual rights to receive cash flows from the financial asset have expired, or• The Company has transferred its rights to receive cash  flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-
through’ arrangement; and either (a) the Company has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Company has neither transferred nor retained substantially  all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset. Whenthe Company has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement, it evaluatesif and to what extent it has retained the risks andrewards of ownership. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the Company continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Company’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Company also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basisthat reflects the rights and obligations that the Company has retained.Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Company could be required to repay.Impairment of financial assetsThe Company assesses on a forward looking basis theExpected Credit Losses (ECL) associated with its financial assets that are debt instruments and are carried at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.
For trade receivables, the Company applies a simplified approach. It recognises impairment loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at eachreporting date, right from its initial recognition. Trade receivablesare tested for impairment on a specific basis after  considering the sanctioned credit limits, security deposit collected etc. and expectations about future cash flows.(ii) Financial liabilitiesInitial recognition and measurementFinancial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss or at amortised cost.A financial liability is classified at FVTPL if it is classified as held for trading or as derivatives designated as hedginginstruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate. Such liabilities, including derivatives that are liabilities, shall be subsequently measured at fair value and net gains and losses including any interest expenses are recognised in profit or loss.In the case of loans and borrowings and payables, these are measured at amortised cost and recorded, net of directly attributable and incremental transaction cost. Gainsand losses are recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss when the liabilities arederecognized as well as through the EIR amortisation process.Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisitionand fees or costs that are an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortisation is included as finance costs in the statement of  profit and loss.
The Company’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, loans and borrowings including bank overdrafts, financial guarantee contracts and derivative financial instruments.DerecognitionA financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms,  or the terms of an existing liability  are substantially modified,  such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of theoriginal liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amountsis recognised in the statement of profit or loss.Financial guarantee contracts Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Company are those contracts that require specified payments to be made to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because the specified debtor fails to make a payment when due in accordance  with the terms of a debt instrument. Financial guarantee contracts are recognised initially as a liability at fair value, adjusted fortransaction costs that are directly attributable to the issuance  of the guarantee. Subsequently, the liability is measured at the higher of the amount of loss allowance determined as per impairment requirements of Ind-AS 109 and the amount recognised less cumulative amortisation.Where guarantees to subsidiaries in relation to loans or other payables are provided for, at no compensation, the fair values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as fees receivable under “other financial assets”or as a part of the cost of the
investment, depending on the contractual terms.Offsetting of financial instruments Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet if there is a currently enforceable legal right to  offset the recognised amounts andthere is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.g) Derivative financial instruments and hedge accountingThe Company uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contractsto hedge its foreign currency risks. Such derivative financialinstruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently re-measured at fair value. Any changes therein are generally recognised in the profit or loss account. Derivatives are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as financial liabilities when the fair value is negative.At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Company formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to whichthe Company wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The documentation includes the Company’s risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge, the hedging economic relationship between the hedged item or transaction and the nature of the risk being hedged, hedge rationale and how the entitywill assess the effectiveness of changes in the hedginginstrument’s fair value in offsetting the exposure to changes in hedged item’s fair value or cash
flows attributable to the hedgedvalue. Net realizable value is theFor the purpose of the statementrisk. Such hedges are expectedestimated selling price in theof cash flows, cash and cashto be highly effective in achievingordinary course of business, lessequivalents as defined above isoffsetting changes in fair value orestimated costs of completion andnet of outstanding bank overdraftscash flows and are assessed onthe estimated costs necessaryas they are considered an integralan ongoing basis to determineto make the sale. Costs arepart of the Company’s cashthat they actually have been highlycomputed on the weightedmanagement.effective throughout the financialaverage basis and are net ofreporting periods for which theyCENVAT/GST credits.j)Provisions, Contingent Liabilitiesare designated.and Contingent AssetsRaw materials, packing materialsA provision is recognised whenCash flow hedgesand stores: Costs includes cost ofthe enterprise has a presentWhen a derivative is designated aspurchase and other costs incurredobligation (legal or constructive)a cash flow hedging instrument,in bringing each product to itsas a result of a past event andthe effective portion of changespresent location and condition.it is probable that an outflow ofin the fair value of the derivativeresources embodying economicis recognised in OCI andFinish goods and work in progress:benefits will be required to settleaccumulated in the other equityIn the case of manufacturedthe obligation, in respect of whichunder ‘effective portion of cashinventories and work in progress,a reliable estimate can be made.flow hedges’. The effective portioncost includes all costs ofThese are reviewed at eachof changes in the fair value of thepurchases, an appropriate sharebalance sheet date and adjustedderivative that is recognised in OCIof production overheads basedto reflect the current managementis limited to the cumulative changeon normal operating capacity andestimates.in fair value of the hedged item,other costs incurred in bringingdetermined on a present valueeach product to its presentIf the effect of the time value ofbasis, from inception of the hedge.location and conditionmoney is material, provisionsAny ineffective portion of changesare determined by discountingin the fair value of the derivative isProvision is made for costthe expected future cash flowsrecognised immediately in profit orof obsolescence and otherspecific to the liability. Theloss.anticipated losses, wheneverunwinding of the discount isconsidered necessary.recognised as finance cost.If a hedge no longer meets thecriteria for hedge accountingIf payment for inventory is deferredContingent Liabilities are disclosedor the hedging instrument isbeyond normal credit terms,in respect of possible obligationssold, expires, is terminated or isthen the cost is determined bythat arise from past events butexercised, then hedge accountingdiscounting the future cash flowstheir existence is confirmed byis discontinued prospectively.at an interest rate determinedthe occurrence or non-occurrenceWhen hedge accounting for awith reference to market rates.of one or more uncertain futurecash flow hedge is discontinued,The difference between the totalevents not wholly within thethe amount that has beencost and the deemed cost iscontrol of the Company.accumulated in other equityrecognised as interest expenseremains there until it is reclassifiedover the period of financing underA contingent asset is a possibleto profit and loss account in thethe effective interest method.asset that arises from past eventssame period or periods as theand whose existence will behedged expected future cashi)Cash and Cash Equivalentsconfirmed only by the occurrenceflows affect profit or loss. If theCash and cash equivalents in theor non-occurrence of one orhedged future cash flows are nobalance sheet includes cash atmore uncertain future events notlonger expected to occur, thenbank and on hand, deposits heldwholly within the control of thethe amounts that have beenat call with financial institutions,entity. Contingent Assets are notaccumulated in other equity areother short term highly liquidrecognised till the realization ofimmediately re-classified to profitinvestments, with originalthe income is virtually certain.or loss.maturities less than three monthsHowever the same are disclosedwhich are readily convertible intoin the financial statements whereh) Inventoriescash and which are subject toan inflow of economic benefits isInventories are valued at theinsignificant risk of changesprobable.lower of cost and net realizablein value.
k) Revenue Recognition Effective April1, 2018, the Company adopted Ind AS 115 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”. The effect on adoption of IND AS 115 is insignificant.Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised goods to customers for an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those goods.Revenue excludes taxes or duties collected on behalf of the government.Sale of goodsRevenue from sale of goods is recognized when control ofgoods are transferred to the buyer which is generally on delivery for domestic sales and on dispatch/ delivery for export salesThe Company recognizes revenues on the sale of products, net of returns, discounts (sales incentives/rebates), amounts collected on behalf of third parties (such as GST) and payments or other consideration given to the customer that has impacted the pricing of the transaction.Accumulated experience is used to estimate and accrue for the discounts (using the most likely method) and returns considering the terms of the underlying schemes and agreements  with the customers. No element of financing is deemed present as the sales are made with normal credit days consistent with market practice. A liability is recognisedwhere payments are received from customers before transferring control of the goods being sold.Royalty & Technical Fees Royalty and Technical fees are recognized on accrual basis inaccordance with the substance of their relevant agreements.
Interest incomeFor all debt instruments measured at amortised cost, interest income is recorded using the effective interest rate (EIR). EIR is therate which exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset. When calculating  the EIR, the Company  estimates the expected cash flows by considering all the contractual terms of the financial instrument (for example, prepayments, extensions, call and similar options). The expected creditlosses are considered if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition.Dividend incomeDividends are recognised in profit or loss on the date on whichthe Company’s right to receive payment is establishedl) Employee Benefitsi) Short-term Employee benefits Liabilities for wages and salaries including non-monetary benefits that are expected to be settled wholly within twelve months after the end of the period  in  which the employees render the related service are classified as short term employee benefits and are recognized as an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss as the related service is provided.A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paidif the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result  of past service provided by theemployee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.ii) Share-based paymentsThe cost of equity settled transactions is determined by the fair value at the grant date and the fair value of the employee share
options is based on the Black Scholes model.The grant-date fair value of equity-settled share-based payment granted to employees is recognised as an expense, with a corresponding increase in equity, over the vesting period of the awards. The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards forwhich the related service and non- market performance  conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognised is based on the number of awards that meet the related serviceand non-market performance conditions at the vesting date. For share-based payment awards with non-vesting conditions, the grant- date fair value of the share-based payment is measured to reflect such conditions and there is no true-up for differences between expected and actual outcomes.The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of diluted earnings per share.iii) Post-Employment BenefitsDefined Contribution Plans Payments made to a defined contribution plan such as Provident Fund maintained with Regional Provident Fund Office and Superannuation Fund are charged as an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss as they fall due.Defined Benefit PlansGratuity FundThe Company has an obligation towards gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan covering eligible employees. Gratuity is payable to all eligible employees on death or on separation/termination in terms of the provisions of the payment  of the Gratuity (Amendment) Act,
1997 or as per the Company’s scheme whichever is more beneficial to the employees.Provident FundProvident Fund Contributions which are made to a Trust administered by the  Company are considered as Defined Benefit Plans. The interest rate payable to the members of the Trust shall not be lower than the statutory rate of interest declared by the Central Government under the Employees Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 and shortfall, if any, shallbe made good by the Company. The Company’s liability towards interest shortfall, if any, is actuarially determined at the year end.The Company’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating the amount offuture benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods, discounting that amount and deducting the fair value of any plan assets.The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed at each reporting period by a qualified actuary using the projectedunit credit method. When the calculation results in a potential asset for the Company, the recognised asset is limited to the present value of economic benefits available in the form ofany future refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan. To calculate the present value of economic benefits, consideration is given to any applicable minimum funding requirements.Re-measurement of the net defined benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan assets (excluding interest) and the
effect of the asset ceiling (if any, excluding interest), are recognised immediately in the balance sheet with a corresponding debit or credit to retained earnings through OCI in the period in which they occur. Remeasurements are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.Net interest expense (income) on the net defined liability (assets) is computed by applying the discount rate, used to measure the net defined liability (asset),to the net defined liability (asset) at the start of the financial year after taking into account any changes as a result of contribution and benefit payments during the year. Net interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognised in profit or loss.When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan iscurtailed, the resulting change in benefit that relates to past service or the gain or loss on curtailment  is recognised immediately in profit or loss. The Company recognises gains and losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan when the settlement occurs.iv) Other Long Term Employee BenefitsThe liabilities for earned leaves are not expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the period in which the employees render the related service. They are therefore measured asthe present value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by the employees upto the end of the reporting period using the projected unit credit method based on actuarial valuation.Re-measurements are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise including actuarial gains and losses.m) 
LeasesLease paymentsThe determination of whether an arrangement is (or contains) a lease is based on the substance of the arrangement at the  inception of the lease. The arrangement is, or contains a lease if fulfillmentof the arrangement is dependent on the use of a specific assetor assets and the arrangement conveys a right to use the asset or assets, even if that right is not explicitly specified in the arrangement.As a lesseeLeases of assets where the Company has substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as finance leases.Minimum lease payments made under finance leases areapportioned between the finance charge and the reduction of the outstanding liability. The finance charge is allocated to each period during the lease term so as to produce a constant periodicrate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability.The leased assets are measured initially at an amount equal to the lower of their fair value and the present value of the minimum lease payments. Subsequent to initial recognition, the assets are accounted for in accordance with the accounting policy applicable to that asset.Leases of assets under which significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownershipare retained by the lessor are classified as operating leases. Lease payments under operating leases are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term unless the payments are structured to increase in line with expected general inflation to compensate for the lessor’s expected inflationary
cost increases. Lease incentives received are recognised as an integral part of the total lease expense, over the term of the lease.As a lessorLeases in which the Company does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases. Rental income from operating lease is recognized on a straight line basis over the term of the relevant lease unless such payments are structuredto increase in line with expected general inflation to compensate for the lessor’s expected inflationary cost increase.Income TaxIncome tax expense/ income comprises current tax expense/income and deferred tax/ expense income. It is recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity  or in Other comprehensive income, in which case, the tax is also recognized directly in equity or other comprehensive income, respectively.Current TaxCurrent tax comprises the expected tax payable or recoverable on the taxable profit or loss for the year and any adjustment to the tax payable or recoverable in respect of previous years. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretations and establishes provisions where appropriate.• Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if, the Company has a legally
enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts; and• Intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.Deferred TaxDeferred Income tax is recognised in respect of temporary difference between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purpose and the amount considered for tax purpose.Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused  tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits willbe available against which they can be utilized. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow the benefit of part or all of that deferred tax asset to be utilised such reductions are reversed when it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available.Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and recognised to the extent that it has become probablethat future taxable profits will be available against which they can be recovered.Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.The measurement of  deferred tax assets and liabilities reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Company expects, at the
reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if:i. the entity has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities; andii. the deferred tax assets and the deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on the same taxable entity.Deferred tax asset / liabilities in respect of temporary differences which originate and reverse during the tax holiday period are not recognised. Deferred tax assets / liabilities in respect of temporary differences that originate during the tax holiday period but reverse after the tax holiday period are recognised.Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT) credit is recognized as an asset only when and to the extent there is a convincing evidence thatthe Company will pay normal tax during specified period.n) Foreign Currency Transactionsi) Functional and Presentation currencyThe Company’s financial statements are prepared in Indian Rupees (INR “`”) which is also the Company’s functional currency.ii) Transactions and balances Foreign currency transactions are recorded on initial recognition in the functional currency using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into
the functional currency at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary  items that are measured based on historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate at thedate of the initial transaction.Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency aretranslated using the exchange rate at the date the fair value is determined.Exchange differences arising on the settlement ortranslation of monetary items are recognized in profit or loss in the year in which they arise except for the qualifying cash flow hedge, which are recognised in OCI to the extent that the hedges are effective.o) Government grants Government grants, including non-monetary grants at fair value are recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the grants will be received and the Company will comply with all the attached conditions.When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over
the periods necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.Government grants relating to purchase of property, plantand equipment are included in non-current liabilities as deferred income and are credited to the profit and loss on a straight line basis over the expected lives of the related assets.p) DividendThe Company recognises  a liability for any dividend declared but not distributed at the end of  the reporting period, when the distribution is authorised and the distribution is no longer at the discretion of the Company on or before the end of the reporting period. As per Corporate laws in India, a distribution in the nature of final dividend is authorized when it is approved by the shareholders.  A corresponding amount is recognized directly in equity.q) Earnings Per ShareBasic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit or loss for the period attributable to the equity shareholders  by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period.
For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per  share, the profit or loss for the period attributable to the equityshareholders and the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period is adjusted to take into account:• The after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential equity shares, and• Weighted average number of additional equity shares that would have been outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares.r) Segment ReportingAs per Ind AS-108 ‘Operating Segments’, if a financial report contains both the consolidated financial statements of a parent that is within the scope of Ind AS-108 as well as the parent’s separate financial statements, segment information is required only in the consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, information required to be presented under Ind AS-108 Operating Segments has beengiven in the consolidated financial statements.
NOTE 3 : PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT	` CroreAssets
Particulars
Freehold
Leasehold
Leasehold
Owned AssetsPlant and
Furniture
Office
given on lease
Total
Year ended March 31, 2019
Land
Land	Buildings
Improvements
Equipment 
and Fixtures
Vehicles
Equipment   Computers	Building
Gross Carrying AmountOpening Gross Carrying Amount0.5114.41140.2930.53289.4512.8311.2512.5528.0490.26630.12Additions-0.0126.040.2859.581.172.673.215.00-97.96Disposals / Adjustments----(0.38)(0.01)(2.72)(0.02)(2.41)-(5.54)Closing Gross Carrying Amount0.5114.42166.3330.81348.6513.9911.2015.7430.6390.26722.54Accumulated DepreciationOpening Accumulated Depreciation-2.638.578.7789.583.124.223.8014.075.68140.44Depreciation charge during the year-0.844.494.1736.531.402.121.926.731.5059.70Disposals / Adjustments--1.35-0.25-(1.65)(0.02)(2.39)(1.34)(3.80)Closing Accumulated Depreciation-3.4714.4112.94126.364.524.695.7018.415.84196.34Net Carrying Amount0.5110.95151.9217.87222.299.476.5110.0412.2284.42526.20Year ended March 31, 2018Gross Carrying AmountOpening Gross Carrying Amount0.5114.41124.8126.40231.8610.3810.3310.0322.8490.26541.83Additions--15.484.1357.762.458.052.525.28-95.67Disposals/ Adjustments----(0.17)-(7.13)-(0.08)-(7.38)Closing Gross Carrying Amount0.5114.41140.2930.53289.4512.8311.2512.5528.0490.26630.12Accumulated DepreciationOpening Accumulated Depreciation-1.495.995.1953.341.993.262.208.122.8284.40Depreciation charge during the year-1.142.583.5833.041.132.091.606.032.8654.05Disposals/Adjustments----3.20-(1.13)-(0.08)-1.99Closing Accumulated Depreciation-2.638.578.7789.583.124.223.8014.075.68140.44Net Carrying Amount0.5111.78131.7221.76199.879.717.038.7513.9784.58489.68
NOTE 4 : INTANGIBLE ASSETS	` CroreOther Intangible assets
Year ended March 31, 2019 Gross Carrying Amount
Goodwill
Trademarks and Brands *
Computer Software
Technical Knowhow
Total Other Intangible assets
Opening Gross Carrying Amount2.48791.5652.081.85845.49Additions--3.64-3.64Disposals--(1.52)(1.75)(3.27)Closing Gross Carrying Amount2.48791.5654.200.10845.86Opening Accumulated Amortisation-0.2122.570.8123.59Amortisation recognised for the year-0.079.130.179.37Disposals--(1.05)(0.88)(1.93)Closing Accumulated Amortisation-0.2830.650.1031.03Closing Net Carrying Amount2.48791.2823.55-814.83Year ended March 31, 2018Gross Carrying AmountOpening Gross Carrying Amount2.48791.5644.521.85837.93Additions--7.56-7.56Disposals-----Closing Gross Carrying Amount2.48791.5652.081.85845.49Accumulated AmortisationOpening Accumulated Amortisation-0.1413.650.5514.34Amortisation recognised for the year-0.078.920.269.25Disposals-----Closing Accumulated Amortisation-0.2122.570.8123.59Closing Net Carrying Amount2.48791.3529.511.04821.90Note :* Includes trademarks / brands amounting to ` 791.25 crore (31-Mar-18 ` 791.25 crore) that have an indefinite life and are tested for impairment at every year end. Based on analysis of all relevant factors (brand establishment, stability, types of obsolescence etc.), there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the assets are expected to generate net cash inflows for the Company.NOTE 5 : INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES	` CroreNumbers	AmountsFace Value     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Unquoted, fully paid up:Carried at cost(a) Investments in Equity Instruments(i)	Subsidiary CompaniesGodrej Netherlands B.V.EUR 100200200140.93140.93Godrej South Africa (Pty) Ltd.ZAR 118,050,00018,050,00012.6712.67Godrej Consumer Products Holding (Mauritius) Ltd.USD 1185,944,409185,944,409982.14982.02Godrej Household Products Lanka (Pvt) Ltd.LKR 1043,933,54643,933,54637.3337.33Godrej Consumer Products (Bangladesh) Ltd.BDT 1004,9994,9990.040.04Godrej Mauritius Africa Holdings Ltd.USD 1136,240,553136,240,553865.50865.49Godrej East Africa Holdings Ltd.USD 135,450,00135,450,001250.80250.80Godrej Tanzania Holdings Ltd.USD 117,850,00117,850,001121.29121.29Godrej SON Holdings INC.USD 177,600,00077,600,000504.72504.72(ii) Associate CompanyBhabhani Blunt Hairdressing Pvt Ltd.` 104,9675,54620.0422.322,935.462,937.61
` CroreNumbers	AmountsFace Value     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018(b) Investments in Compulsorily Convertible Debentures of Associate CompanyBhabhani Blunt Hairdressing Pvt Ltd.` 103,0603,06012.0012.002,947.462,949.61TOTAL2,947.462,949.61Aggregate Amount of Unquoted Investments2,947.462,949.61Note:As per the Company's policy, investments include the fair value of financial guarantees issued as security for loans taken by subsidiaries. The details of such fair values included in the investments above is as shown below:` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Godrej Netherlands B.V.4.524.52Godrej Consumer Products Holding (Mauritius) Ltd.11.9511.83Godrej Mauritius Africa Holdings Ltd.29.0229.01Godrej East Africa Holdings Ltd.19.6219.62Godrej Tanzania Holdings Ltd.3.073.07TOTAL68.1868.05NOTE 6 : OTHER INVESTMENTS (NON-CURRENT)` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Unquoted, fully paid upAt amortised costInvestments in Deposits with Non-Banking Financial Companies-20.54At Fair Value through Profit or LossInvestment in Equity Instruments*--Quoted, fully paid upAt amortised costInvestments in Non-convertible Debentures with Non-Banking Financial Companies-84.66TOTAL-105.20Aggregate Amount of Unquoted Investments-20.54Aggregate Amount of Quoted Investments-84.66Aggregate Market Value of Quoted Investments-84.79* amounts less than ` 0.01 croreNOTE 7 : LOANS (NON-CURRENT)` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Unsecured, Considered Good, Unless Otherwise StatedLoans to Employees0.040.03Security Deposits16.9516.29TOTAL16.9916.32NOTE 8 : OTHER NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Fixed Deposits with remaining maturity of more than 12 months (under lien against Bank Guarantees)-0.07Share application money for investments in subsidiaries10.32-Financial Guarantee Fee Receivables20.754.20TOTAL31.074.27
NOTE 9 : OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Capital Advances (Refer Note below)29.3827.39Balances with Government Authorities21.6517.56Other non-current assets (includes prepaid expenses, vendor advances)Considered Good1.071.061.071.06TOTAL52.1046.01Note:Capital Advances include ` 15.92 crore (31-Mar-18 ` 13.96 crore) paid to Related Parties.NOTE 10 : NON-CURRENT TAX ASSETS (NET)` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Advance Tax22.8419.66[Net of Provision for taxation - ` 1742.56 crore (31-Mar-18 ` 1422.53)]TOTAL22.8419.66(Refer Note 21 for tax reconciliations)NOTE 11 : INVENTORIES` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018(Valued at lower of cost and net realizable value)Raw Materials (Including Packing Materials)303.17251.89Goods-in Transit16.482.05319.65253.94Work-in-Progress40.2036.86Finished Goods210.74250.25Stock-in-Trade34.5926.17Stores and Spares9.949.03TOTAL615.12576.25NOTE 12 : INVESTMENTS (CURRENT)` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Unquoted, fully paid upAt Fair Value through Profit or LossInvestments in Mutual Funds13.01107.63At amortised costInvestments in Deposits with Non-Banking Financial Companies135.06306.97Investments in Commercial Papers-97.04Quoted, fully paid upAt amortised costInvestments in Non-convertible Debentures with Non-Banking Financial Companies329.27336.01TOTAL477.34847.65Aggregate Amount of Unquoted Investments148.07511.64Aggregate Amount of Quoted Investments329.27336.01Aggregate Market Value of Quoted Investments329.94339.38
NOTE 13 : TRADE RECEIVABLES` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Considered Good - Secured7.172.81Considered Good - Unsecured346.01245.77Trade Receivables which have significant increase in Credit Risk--Trade Receivables - credit impaired6.345.62Less: Provision for Doubtful Debts(6.34)(5.62)TOTAL353.18248.58Refer note 46 (B)Note :There are no outstanding trade receivables which resulted into significant increase in credit risk apart from receivables which are impaired and provided.NOTE 14 A : CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS` CroreAs atAs atMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018Balances with Banks-	In Current Accounts	78.1371.91-	Deposits with less than 3 months original maturity	0.0814.0078.2185.91Cash on Hand	1.480.20TOTAL	79.6986.11NOTE 14 B : OTHER BANK BALANCES` CroreAs atAs atMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018Deposits with maturities more than 3 months but less than 12 months (Refer Note below)	3.072.92In Unpaid Dividend Accounts	14.489.08TOTAL	17.5512.00Note:The fixed deposits include deposits under lien against bank guarantees ` 2.99 crore (31-Mar-18 ` 2.82 crore)NOTE 15 : LOANS (CURRENT)` CroreAs atAs atMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018Unsecured, Considered Good, Unless Otherwise StatedLoans to Employees	0.060.07Security Deposits	0.080.18TOTAL	0.140.25NOTE 16 : OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS` CroreAs atAs atMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018Financial guarantee fee receivable	10.277.89Refunds/Incentives receivables from Govt. AuthoritiesConsidered Good	117.37173.66Considered Doubtful	15.6214.62Less: Provision for Doubtful Advances	(15.62)(14.62)117.37173.66Derivative assets	-0.61Others (includes receivables of insurance claims, exports incentives)	11.1911.08TOTAL	138.83193.24
NOTE 17 : OTHER CURRENT ASSETS` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Balances with Government Authorities129.96111.53Contract assets (Right to receive inventory)3.542.34Other Advances (includes prepaid expenses, vendor advances)Considered Good29.0038.62Considered Doubtful0.830.78Less: Provision for Doubtful Advances(0.83)(0.78)TOTAL162.50152.49NOTE 18 : EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Authorised1,030,000,000 Equity Shares (31-Mar-18: 690,000,000) of ` 1 each103.0069.0010,000,000 Preference Shares (31-Mar-18: 10,000,000) of ` 1 each1.001.00Issued1,022,197,220 Equity Shares (31-Mar-18: 681,360,642) of ` 1 each102.2268.14Subscribed and Fully Paid up1,022,166,096 Equity Shares (31-Mar-18: 681,329,518) of ` 1 each fully paid up102.2268.13TOTAL102.2268.13Notes:a) During the year, the Company has issued 1,14,546 equity shares (31-Mar-2018 1,27,886) under the Employee Stock Grant Scheme.b) 31,124 Right Issue equity shares (31-Mar-2018 year 31,124 equity shares) are kept in abeyance due to various suits filed in courts / forums by third parties for which final order from courts/claim is awaited.c) The reconciliation of number of equity shares outstanding and the amount of share capital at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period:As at March 31, 2019	As at March 31, 2018No. of Shares` CroreNo. of Shares` CroreShares outstanding at the beginning of the year681,329,51868.13340,600,81634.06Add : Shares Issued during the year (Bonus Shares)340,722,03234.08340,600,81634.06Add : Shares Issued on exercise of employee stock grant scheme114,5460.01127,8860.01Shares outstanding at the end of the year1,022,166,096102.22681,329,51868.13d) Terms / rights attached to equity sharesThe Company has issued only one class of equity shares having a par value of ` 1 each. Each equity shareholder is entitled to one vote per share.During the year ended March 31, 2019 the amount of per share dividend recognised as distribution to equity shareholders was ` 15(31-Mar-2018 ` 15).e) Pursuant to the approval of the shareholders on Sep 5, 2018, record date for ascertaining the eligibility of the shareholders for receiving the bonus shares was fixed on Sep 14, 2018. Accordingly, the Company has allotted 340,722,032 number of fully paid Bonus shares on Sep 17, 2018 in the ratio of one equity share of `1 each fully paid up for every two existing equity shares of `1 each fully paid up.f) Shares held by Holding Company and Subsidiary of Holding Company and details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Company:Name of the Shareholder		As at March 31, 2019		As at March 31, 2018 No. of Shares	% held	No. of Shares	% heldGodrej & Boyce Manufacturing Co Ltd75,011,4457.3450,007,6307.34Godrej Industries Limited242,812,86023.75161,875,24023.76Godrej Seeds & Genetics Limited280,500,00027.44187,000,00027.45g) Shares Reserved for issue under optionsThe Company has 295,015 (31-Mar-2018 year 224,011) equity shares reserved for issue under Employee Stock Grant Scheme as at March 31, 2019. (As detailed in Note 43)
h) Information regarding aggregate number of equity shares issued during the five years immediately preceding the date of Balance Sheet:Pursuant to the approval of Shareholders, Company has allotted 340,722,032 (31-Mar-2018 year - 340,600,816) number of fully paid Bonus shares on Sep 17,2018 in the ratio of one equity share of `1 each fully paid up for every two existing equity shares of `1 each fully paid up.Pursuant to the approval of Shareholders, Company has allotted 340,600,816 (31-Mar-2017 year - Nil) number of fully paid Bonus shares on June 27,2017 in the ratio of one equity share of `1 each fully paid up for every one existing equity shares of `1 each fully paid up.The Company has not issued shares for consideration other than cash and has not bought back any shares during the past five years. The Company has not allotted any shares pursuant to contract without payment being received in cash.i) There are no calls unpaid on equity shares, other than shares kept in abeyance as mentioned in Note (b) above.j) No equity shares have been forfeited.k) Capital ManagementThe primary objective of the Company’s capital management is to ensure that it maintains an efficient capital structure and healthy capital ratios to support its business and maximize shareholder value. The Company makes adjustments to its capital structure based  on economic conditions or its business requirements. To maintain / adjust the capital structure the Company may make adjustments to dividend paid to its shareholders or issue new shares.The Company monitors capital using the metric of Net Debt to Equity. Net Debt is defined as borrowings less cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits and readily redeemable investments. As on balancesheet date there are no Net debt.NOTE 19 : OTHER EQUITY` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Securities Premium1,398.031,424.51General Reserve154.05154.05Other ReservesCapital Investment Subsidy Reserve0.150.15Capital Redemption Reserve1.461.46Employee Stock Options Outstanding12.3611.5813.9713.19Retained Earnings3,258.642,982.46Other Comprehensive Income (Effective portion of cash flow hedges)(0.75)(0.75)TOTAL4,823.944,573.46OTHER RESERVES MOVEMENT` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Capital Investment Subsidy ReserveBalance as per last financial statements0.150.15Closing Balance0.150.15Capital Redemption ReserveBalance as per last financial statements1.461.46Closing Balance1.461.46Employee Stock Options OutstandingGross Employee Compensation for Options granted11.589.83(-) Exercise of Share options(8.34)(6.97)(+) Deferred Employee Compensation Expense (Refer Note 31)9.128.72Closing Balance12.3611.58TOTAL13.9713.19Nature and purpose of reserves1) Securities premiumThe amount received in excess of face value of the equity shares is recognised in Securities Premium Reserve. The reserve is utilised in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 20132) General reserveThe Company has transferred a portion of the net profit of the Company before declaring dividend to general reserve pursuant to the earlier provisions of Companies Act 1956. Mandatory transfer to general reserve is not required under the Companies Act 2013.
3) Capital Investment Subsidy ReserveCapital Investment Subsidy Reserve represents subsidy received from the government for commissioning of Malanpur plant in the nature of capital investment.4) Capital redemption reserveCapital Redemption reserve represents amount set aside by the company for future redemption of capital.5) Employee Stock Options OutstandingThe shares option outstanding account is used to recognise the grant date fair value of options issued to employees under the Employee Stock Grant Scheme which are unvested as on the reporting date and is net of the deferred employee compensation expense.Refer note 43 for details on ESGS Plans.6) Effective portion of Cash Flow HedgesThe cash flow hedging reserve represents the cumulative portion of gains or losses arising on changes in fair value of designated portion of hedging instruments entered into for cash flow hedges. The cumulative gain or loss arising on changes in fair value of the designated portion of the hedging instruments that are recognised and accummulated under the heading of cash flow reserve will be reclassifiedto Statement of Profit and Loss only when the hedged transaction affects the profit or loss or included as a basis adjustment to the non financial hedged item.NOTE 20 : PROVISIONS (NON-CURRENT)` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Provision for Employee BenefitsGratuity (Refer Note 42)51.8947.35Compensated Absences4.434.31TOTAL56.3251.66NOTE 21 : TAX RECONCILIATIONS` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Tax expense recognised in the Statement of Profit and LossCurrent TaxCurrent tax on profits for the year (net of MAT credit utilised)320.66283.28Deferred tax (Net) Others7.315.86Deferred tax (Net) - MAT creditMAT credit recognised(634.58)-MAT credit Utilised24.71-Total income tax expense(281.90)289.14Deferred tax is in respect of origination and reversal of temporary differences.` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Current Tax and Deferred Tax related to items recognised in Other Comprehensive Income during in the year :On remeasurements of defined benefit plans(0.21)(2.63)Total(0.21)(2.63)
Reconciliation of tax expense and the accounting profitThe reconciliation between estimated income tax expense at statutory income tax rate to income tax expense reported in Statement of Profit  & Loss is given below:` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Profit before income taxes1,473.081,289.01Indian statutory income tax rate34.94%34.61%Expected income tax expense514.75446.10Tax effect of adjustments to reconcile expected income tax expense to reported income tax expense:Deduction under Sec 80IC and 80IE(168.12)(223.05)Effect of other tax offsets1.66(0.03)Tax impact of income not subject to tax0.151.35Tax effects of amounts which are not deductible for taxable income4.248.82Additional tax paid on book profits-58.31MAT Credit recognised(634.58)-Effect of different Tax rate-(2.36)Total income tax expense(281.90)289.14The Company benefits from the tax holiday available to units set up under section 80-IC and 80-IE of Income Tax Act, 1961. These tax holidays are available for a period of ten years from the date of commencement of operations.Deferred Tax (Liabilities):	` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Property, Plant and Equipment(34.12)(32.90)Intangible assets(248.81)(239.59)Total deferred tax liabilities(282.93)(272.49)Deferred Tax Assets:` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Defined benefit obligations23.8121.80Provisions21.6920.46Others1.791.77MAT credit609.87-Total deferred tax assets657.1644.03Net Deferred tax (Liabilities) / Assets374.23(228.46)Movement in Deferred tax Liabilities / Asset` Crore
Property, plant and
Intangible assets
Defined benefit
Provisions 
Other Deferred
Mat Credit (Refer note)
Deferred Tax Liabilities /
The Company offsets deferred tax assets and liabilities if and only if it has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority.Significant management judgment is required in determining provision for income tax, deferred income tax assets (including MAT credit) and liabilities and recoverability of deferred income tax assets. The recoverability of deferred income tax assets is based on estimates of taxable income and the period over which deferred income tax assets will be recovered.
As on March 31, 2019 the tax liability with respect to the dividends proposed is ` 42.02 crores (31-Mar-18 : ` 98.03 crores)During the year, the Company has recognised tax credits in respect of Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT credit) of ` 634.58.crores. MAT paid in accordance with the tax laws, which gives future economic benefits in the form of adjustment to future income tax liability, is considered as an asset if there is convincing evidence that the Company will pay normal income tax against which the MAT paid will be adjusted.During the year the Company has utilised MAT credit of ` 24.71 crores. Accordingly the Company has re-assessed its utilization of MAT credit,considering business projections, benefits available from tax holiday, remaining period for such benefits etc based on which there is reasonable certainty of utilizing the said credit in future years against the normal tax expected to be paid in those years and accordingly has recognised a deferred tax asset for the same.NOTE 22 : OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Unearned premium on guarantees given to subsidiaries23.8215.38Others (includes deferred grants, sundry deposits)4.272.37TOTAL28.0917.75NOTE 23 : TRADE PAYABLES` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Dues to Micro and Small enterprises53.49-Others*1,404.121,452.92TOTAL1,457.611,452.92* Trade Payables includes invoices discounted by Vendors with banksRefer Note 46CThere are no Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises, to whom the Company owes dues (principal and/or interest), which are outstanding for more than 45 days as at the balance sheet date. During the year, there have been no payments made to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises beyond 45 days. There were no amounts on account of interest due that were payable for the period where the principal has been paid but interest under the MSMED Act, 2006 not paid. Further, there were no amounts towards interest accrued that were remaining unpaid at the    end of accounting year. Accordingly, there were no amounts of further interest remaining due and payable in the succeeding years.The above details regarding Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises has been determined to the extent such parties have been identified in the current year on the basis of information obtained by the Company.NOTE 24 : OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Security Deposit Received2.313.91Unclaimed Dividends (Refer Note (a) below)14.489.08Derivative Liability8.69-Capital creditors and other payables23.3426.01TOTAL48.8239.00Refer Note 46CNote:a) There are no amounts due to be credited to Investor Education and Protection Fund in accordance with Section 125 of the Companies Act, 2013 as at the year end.NOTE 25 : OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Statutory Dues (VAT, Excise, Service Tax, Octroi, TDS etc)6.987.54Contract Liabilities (Advance received from Customers)13.1323.83Employee Benefits Payable67.55101.31Unearned premium on guarantees given to subsidiaries15.3617.35Others (includes PF, deferred revenue)4.654.78TOTAL107.67154.81
NOTE 26 : PROVISIONS (CURRENT)` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Provision for Employee BenefitsGratuity (Refer Note 42)8.447.82Compensated Absences3.382.90Other provisionsProvision for Sales Returns14.3313.50Provision towards Litigations12.7712.71TOTAL38.9236.93Movements in each class of other provisions during the financial year are set out below:` CroreSales ReturnsProvision towards LitigationAs at April 1, 201813.5012.71Additional provisions recognised0.830.06Amount Utilised /Unused amounts reversed--As at March 31, 201914.3312.77Sales Returns:When a customer has a right to return the product within a given period, the Company recognises a provision for sales return. This is measured on the basis of average past trend of sales return as a percentage of sales. Revenue is adjusted for the expected value of the returns and cost of sales are adjusted for the value of the corresponding goods to be returned.Legal Claims:The provisions for indirect taxes and legal matters comprises numerous separate cases that arise in the ordinary course of business. A provision is recognised for legal cases if the company assesses that it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required.  These provisions have not been discounted as it is not practicable for the Company to estimate the timing of the provision utilisation and cash outflows, if any, pending resolution.NOTE 26 A : LIABILITIES FOR CURRENT TAX (NET)` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Liabilities for Current Tax (Net)0.960.96[Net of advance tax of ` 128.87 crore (31-Mar-18 ` 128.87 crore)]TOTAL0.960.96NOTE 27 : REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Revenue from contract with customersSale of Products (including excise duty)5,556.795,256.36Other Operating Revenuesa)	Royalty & Technical Fees22.4717.63b)	Miscellaneous Income (includes Refunds/Incentives from Govt. Authorities)100.0580.75TOTAL5,679.315,354.74Notes :a) Sales for the year ended March 31, 2019 is net of Goods and Service tax (GST). However, for the previous year ended March 31, 2018, sales till period ended June 30, 2017 is gross of excise duty.b) Revenue Information	` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019Revenue by product categoriesHome care	2,834.32Personal care	2,042.57Hair care	679.90TOTAL	5,556.79
c)	Reconciliation of the amount of revenue recognised in the statement of profit and loss with the contracted price` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019Revenue as per contracted price5,862.53Sales returns(0.83)Rebates/Discounts(304.91)Revenue from contract with customers5,556.79d)	Contract Balances` CroreMarch 31, 2019April 1, 2018Trade receivables (Note 13)353.18248.58Contract assets (Note 17)3.542.34Contract liabilities (Note 25)13.1323.83Note: Contract assets represents right to receive the inventory (on estimated sales returns) and contract liabilities represents advances received from customers for sale of goods at the reporting date.e)	Significant changes in contract assets and liabilities during the period	` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the period23.83NOTE 28 : OTHER INCOME` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Interest Income on:Non-convertible debentures and fixed deposits with Non-Banking Financial Companies at amortised cost54.2739.06Deposits with banks2.541.52On Income-tax Refund-0.84On Others3.391.19Net Gain on Sale of Investments ( Mutual Funds)8.0318.54Fair Value Gain/(Loss) on financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss0.01(8.14)Other Non-Operating IncomeGuarantee Commission income21.6220.24Miscellaneous Non-operating Income4.590.64TOTAL94.4573.89NOTE 29 : COST OF MATERIALS CONSUMED` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Raw material and packing materialOpening Inventory253.94194.32Add : Purchases (Net)2,096.531,944.572,350.472,138.89Less: Closing Inventory(319.65)(253.94)Cost of Materials Consumed2,030.821,884.95
NOTE 30 : CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS, STOCK-IN- TRADE AND WORK-IN-PROGRESS` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Opening InventoryFinished Goods250.25299.18Stock-in-Trade26.1729.53Work-in-Progress36.8630.81313.28359.52Less: Closing InventoryFinished Goods210.74250.25Stock-in-Trade34.5926.17Work-in-Progress40.2036.86285.53313.28(Increase)/Decrease in Inventories27.7546.24NOTE 31 : EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Salaries and Wages314.32322.45Contribution to Provident and Other Funds21.1018.20Share based payments to Employees (Employee Stock Grant Scheme) (Refer Note 43)9.128.72Staff Welfare Expenses6.966.14TOTAL351.50355.51NOTE 32 : FINANCE COSTS` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Interest ExpenseUnwinding of interest on liabilities2.461.70Others (mainly includes interest on Short-term borrowings)22.6515.51Bill discounting Charges39.7534.68TOTAL64.8651.89NOTE 33 : DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSES` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Depreciation on property, plant and equipment59.7054.05Amortisation on intangible assets9.379.25TOTAL69.0763.30
NOTE 34 : OTHER EXPENSES` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Consumption of Stores and Spare Parts15.5815.18Power and Fuel94.1480.12Rent (Net) (Refer Note 40)43.3641.53Repairs and MaintenancePlant and Equipment5.114.47Buildings5.645.22Others (Net)29.0025.2139.7534.90Insurance4.514.31Rates and Taxes3.266.38Processing and Other Manufacturing Charges156.67149.33Travelling and Conveyance37.6436.61Auditors' Remuneration (includes amount paid to previous auditors)As Statutory Auditor1.451.48For Other Services0.07-Reimbursement of Expenses0.140.081.661.56Legal and Professional Charges18.6519.28Donations2.242.18Sales Promotion52.1545.55Advertising and Publicity641.33613.07Selling and Distribution Expenses75.4071.36Freight215.17188.92Net Loss on Sale/ write off of Fixed Assets0.434.14Net Loss on Foreign Currency Transactions and Translations9.411.08Bad Debts Written Off0.950.30Provision for Doubtful Debts / Advances0.770.31Miscellaneous Expenses (Net) (Refer Note (a) below)88.9180.48TOTAL1,501.981,396.59Note :a)	Miscellaneous Expenses include the Company's share of various expenses incurred by group companies for sharing of services and use of common facilities.NOTE 35 : EARNINGS PER SHARE` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Net Profit After Tax (` Crore)1,754.98999.87Number of Shares outstanding at the beginning of the year (Refer Note below)1,021,994,2771,021,802,448Add : Shares Issued during the year171,819191,829Number of Shares outstanding at the end of the year1,022,166,0961,021,994,277Weighted Average Number of Equity SharesFor calculating Basic EPS1,022,111,3401,021,928,057Effect of dilution:Shared based payments204,688232,154For calculating Diluted EPS1,022,316,0281,022,160,210Earnings Per Share(Face Value ` 1)Basic (`)17.179.78Diluted (`)17.179.78Note: Number of shares for the year ended 31 March 2018 have been adjusted for the bonus shares issued during the current year.
NOTE 36 : COMMITMENTSEstimated value of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account to the extent not provided for : ` 28.36 crore (31-Mar-18 ` 29.60 crore), net of advances there against of ` 29.38 crore (31-Mar-18 ` 27.39 crore)NOTE 37 : DIVIDENDDuring the year 2018-19,the Board has paid four interim dividends. The first dividend was declared on May 8, 2018 at the rate of ` 7 per equity share (700% of the face value of ` 1 each) and the second dividend was declared on July 30, 2018 at the rate of ` 2 per equity share (200% of the face value of ` 1 each) on the pre-bonus paid up capital of the Company. The Company made a bonus issue in the ratio of 2:1 on Sep 17, 2018. Subsequent to the bonus issue, the Board paid two more interim dividends aggregating to ` 6 per share (600% of the face value ` 1 each). The total dividend rate for all the four interim dividends during the year after adjusting for the pre-bonus interim dividend rate aggregates to ` 12 per equity share (1200% of the face value ` 1 each) and amounts to ` 1226.52 crore. The dividend distribution tax on the said dividends is ` 252.11 crore. Subsequent to the close of the financial year, the Board has declared an interim dividend of ` 2 per equity share (200% of the face value ` 1 each) aggregating to ` 204.43 crore. The dividend distribution tax on the said dividend is ` 42.02 crore.NOTE 38 : CONTINGENT LIABILITIES` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018a) CLAIMS FOR EXCISE DUTIES, TAXES AND OTHER MATTERSi)	Excise duty and service tax matters54.6965.14ii)	Sales tax and VAT matters54.7348.43iii)	Income-tax matters14.3314.33iv)	Other matters3.003.00b)GUARANTEES GIVEN ON BEHALF OF SUBSIDIARIESi)	Guarantee amounting to USD Nil (31-Mar-18 USD 29 million) given by the Company to DBS-186.40Bank Limited, Singapore against loan provided to Godrej Mauritius Africa Holdings Ltd.ii)	Guarantee amounting to GBP Nil (31-Mar-18 GBP 18 million) given by the Company to-163.79Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Hongkong against loan provided toGodrej Netherlands BV.iii)	Guarantee amounting to USD Nil (31-Mar-18 USD 51 million) given by the Company to-329.52Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Hongkong against loan provided toGodrej East Africa Holdings Limited.iv)	Guarantee amounting to USD Nil (31-Mar-18 USD 87 million) given by the Company to-567.80Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (Hongkong), DBS Bank (Singapore)and Standard Chartered Bank Mauritius Limited against loan provided to Godrej MauritiusAfrica Holdings Ltd.v)	Guarantee amounting to USD Nil (31-Mar-18 USD 23 million) given by the Company to-149.12Barclays Bank PLC, London towards loan against provided to Godrej Mauritius AfricaHoldings Ltd.vi)	Guarantee amounting to USD Nil (31-Mar-18 USD 57 million) given by the Company-372.80to Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited & Standard Chartered BankMauritius Limited against loan provided to Godrej East Africa Holdings Limited.vii) Guarantee amounting to USD 88 million (31-Mar-18 USD 88 million) given by the Company608.56573.54to DBS Bank Ltd (Singapore) & Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (Singapore) againstloan provided to Godrej Consumer Products Holdings Mauritius Ltd.viii) Guarantee amounting to USD 121 million (31-Mar-18 USD 121 million) given by the836.78788.62Company to Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ Ltd (London) against loan provided to GodrejSON Holdings, Inc.ix)	Guarantee amounting to USD Nil (31-Mar-18 USD 1 million) given by the Company to-7.82Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (Singapore) towards IRS taken by Godrej ConsumerProducts Holdings Mauritius Ltd.x)	Guarantee amounting to USD 28 million (31-Mar-18 USD 28 million) given by the Company190.18179.23to Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Mauritius, against loan providedto Godrej East Africa Holdings Ltd.xi)	Guarantee amounting to USD Nil (31-Mar-18 USD 1 million) given by the Company to DBS-7.82Bank Ltd (Singapore) towards IRS taken by Godrej Consumer Products Mauritius Ltd.xii) Guarantee amounting to USD Nil (31-Mar-18 USD 2 million) given by the Company to JP-10.43Morgan Chase towards IRS taken by Godrej East Africa Holdings Ltdxiii) Guarantee amounting to USD Nil (31-Mar-18 USD 1 million) given by the Company to-65.18Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited Mauritius towards SBLC line givento Godrej Tanzania Holdings Limited
   As at March 31, 2019
` Crore   As at March 31, 2018
xiv) Guarantee amounting to USD 28 million (31-Mar-18 USD 28 million) given by the Company to Standard Chartered Bank Mauritius towards SBLC line given to Godrej Tanzania Holdings Limitedxv) Guarantee amounting to USD 44 million (31-Mar-18 USD 44 million) given by the Company to CITI US towards loan provided to Godrej Mauritius Africa Holdings Ltd.xvi) Guarantee amounting to USD 2 million (31-Mar-18 USD 2 million) given by the Company to DBS Bank Limited towards IRS taken by Godrej Mauritius Africa Holdings Ltd.xvii) Guarantee amounting to USD 1.20 million (31-Mar-18 USD Nil) given by the Company to DBS Bank Limited towards IRS taken by Godrej Consumer Products Holdings Mauritius Ltd.xviii) Guarantee amounting to USD 64.35 million (31-Mar-18 USD Nil) given by the Company to DBS Bank Ltd (Singapore) & Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (Singapore) against loan provided to Godrej SON Holding, INC
190.18	179.23304.28	286.7713.83	13.048.30	-445.01	-
xix)   Guarantee amounting to USD 148.72 million (31-Mar-18 USD Nil) given by the Company to DBS Bank Ltd (Singapore) & Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (Singapore) against loan provided to Godrej Consumer Products Holdings Mauritius Ltd.1,028.47-3,625.593,881.11c) OTHER GUARANTEESi)	Guarantees issued by banks [secured by bank deposits under lien with the bank ` 2.99 crore14.3612.17ii)	Guarantee given by the Company to Yes Bank for credit facilities extended to M/s. Broadcast Audience Research Council0.800.8015.1612.97d) CLAIMS AGAINST THE COMPANY NOT ACKNOWLEDGED AS DEBT:i)	Claims by various parties on account of unauthorized, illegal and fraudulent acts by an employee.32.2232.22ii)	Others0.060.18e) OTHER MATTERSThe Hon’ble Supreme Court of India (“SC”) by their order dated February 28, 2019, in the case of Surya Roshani Limited & others v/s EPFO, set out the principles based on which allowances paid to the employees should be identified for inclusion in basic wages for the purposes of computation of Provident Fund contribution. Subsequently, a review petition against this decision has been filed and is pending before the SC for disposal. Pending decision on the subject review petition and directions from the EPFO, the impact, if any, is not ascertainable and consequently no effect has been given in the accounts.NOTE 39 : RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURESA) Related Parties and their Relationshipa) Holding Company:Noneb) Subsidiaries:Name of the Subsidiary	Country	% Holding as at% Holding as atMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018Godrej Netherland B.V.Netherlands100%100%Godrej (UK) LtdUK100%100%Godrej Consumer Products (UK) Limited *UK100%100%Godrej Consumer Investments (Chile) SpaChile100%100%Godrej Holdings (Chile) LimitadaChile100%100%Cosmetica NationalChile100%100%Godrej South Africa Proprietary LimitedSouth Africa100%100%Godrej Consumer Products Holding (Mauritius) LimitedMauritius100%100%Indovest CapitalLabuan100%100%Godrej Global Mideast FZESharjah,UAE100%100%Godrej Indonesia IP Holdings LtdMauritius100%100%Godrej Mid East Holding LimitedDubai,UAE100%100%Godrej Consumer Products Dutch Cooperatief UANetherlands100%100%Godrej Consumer Products (Netherlands) B.V.Netherlands100%100%Godrej Consumer Holdings (Netherlands) B.V.Netherlands100%100%
Name of the Subsidiary	Country	% Holding as at% Holding as atMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018PT Indomas Susemi JayaIndonesia100%100%PT Intrasari RayaIndonesia100%100%PT Megasari MakmurIndonesia100%100%PT Ekamas SarijayaIndonesia100%100%PT Sarico IndahIndonesia100%100%Laboratorio Cuenca S.AArgentina100%100%ConsellArgentina100%100%Godrej Peru SACPeru100%100%Deciral S.A.Uruguay100%100%Issue Group Brazil LTDABrazil100%100%Panamar Producciones SAArgentina100%100%Godrej SON Holdings Inc.USA100%100%Strength of Nature LLCUSA100%100%Strength of Nature South Africa Proprietary LimitedSouth Africa100%100%Old Pro International, Inc.USA100%100%Godrej Household Products (Bangladesh) Pvt. Ltd.Bangladesh100%100%Godrej Household Products Lanka (Pvt). Ltd.Sri Lanka100%100%Godrej Consumer Products Bangladesh LimitedBangladesh100%100%Godrej Mauritius Africa Holdings LimitedMauritius100%100%Darling Trading Company Mauritius LimitedMauritius90%90%Godrej Consumer Products International FZCODubai,UAE90%90%Godrej Africa Holdings LimitedMauritius100%100%Frika Weave (Pty) LtdSouth Africa100%100%Kinky Group (Proprietary) LimitedSouth Africa100%100%Lorna Nigeria LimitedNigeria100%100%Weave GhanaGhana100%100%Weave Trading Mauritius Pvt. Ltd.Mauritius51%51%Hair Trading (Offshore) S.A.L.Lebanon51%51%Godrej International Trading CompanySharjah,UAE51%51%Godrej West Africa Holdings LimitedMauritius90%90%Subinite (Pty) LtdSouth Africa90%90%Weave IP Holdings Mauritius Pvt. Ltd.Mauritius90%90%Weave Mozambique LimitadaMozambique90%90%Godrej Nigeria LimitedNigeria100%100%Godrej Hair Care Nigeria LimitedNigeria100%100%Godrej Household Insecticide Nigeria LtdNigeria100%100%Godrej Hair Weave Nigeria LtdNigeria100%100%Godrej East Africa Holdings LimitedMauritius100%100%DGH Phase Two MauritiusMauritius90%90%Godrej Consumer Products Malaysia LimitedMalaysia100%100%Style Industries LtdKenya90%90%Charm Industries LimitedKenya100%100%Canon Chemicals LimitedKenya75%75%Godrej Tanzania Holdings LimitedMauritius100%100%DGH Tanzania LimitedMauritius100%100%Sigma Hair Industries Ltd.Tanzania100%100%Belaza Mozambique LDAMozambique100%100%Hair Credentials Zambia LimitedZambia100%100%DGH UgandaMauritius51%51%Style Industries Uganda LimitedUganda51%51%Weave SenegalSenegal100%100%Godrej CP Malaysia SDN BHD (wef from June 4, 2018)Malaysia100%Nilc)* Divested on 31st August 2018Joint Venture:
Name of the Joint Venture	Country	% Holding as at March 31, 2019
% Holding as at March 31, 2018
Godrej Easy IP Holdings (FZC) (Dubai)	Dubai, UAE	Nil*	50%* Dissolved during FY 2018-19
d) Associate Company:Name of the Associate Company	Country	% Holding as at March 31, 2019
% Holding as at March 31, 2018
Bhabani Blunt Hairdressing Pvt Limited	India	28%	30%e) Investing Entity in which the reporting entity is an Associatei) Godrej Industries Limitedii) Godrej Seeds & Genetics Limitedf) Companies under common Control with whom transactions have taken place during the yeari) Godrej & Boyce Mfg. Co. Limitedii) Godrej Agrovet Limitediii) Godrej Tyson Foods Limitediv) Godrej Properties Limitedv) Natures Basket Limitedvi) Godrej Vikhroli Properties LLPvii) Godrej Infotech Limitedviii) Godrej Projects Development Private Limitedix) Godrej Anandanx) Godrej One Premises Management Private Limitedxi) Godrej Seaview Properties Private Limitedxii) Creamline Dairy Products Limitedg) Key Management Personnel and Relativesi) Mr. Adi Godrej	Chairman Emeritiusii) Ms. Nisaba Godrej	Executive Chairperson / Daughter of Mr. Adi Godrejiii) Mr. Vivek Gambhir	Managing Director & CEOiv) Mr. V. Srinivasan	Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretaryv) Mr. Pirojsha Godrej	Non-Executive Director / Son of Mr. Adi  Godrejvi) Mr. Nadir Godrej	Non-Executive Director/ Brother of Mr. Adi Godrejvii) Ms. Tanya Dubash	Non-Executive Director/ Daughter of Mr. Adi Godrejviii) Mr. Jamshyd Godrej	Non Executive Directorix) Mr. D Shivakumar	Independent Director (till 1st November, 2018)x) Mr. Aman Mehta	Independent Directorxi) Mr. Omkar Goswami	Independent Directorxii) Ms. Ireena Vittal	Independent Directorxiii) Mr. Bharat Doshi	Independent Directorxiv) Mr. Narendra Ambwani	Independent Directorxv) Ms. Ndidi Nwuneli	Independent Directorxvi) Ms. Pippa Armerding	Independent Directorxvii) Mr. Burjis Godrej	Son of Mr.Nadir Godrejxviii) Ms. Rati Godrej	Wife of Mr.Nadir Godrejxix) Mr. Sohrab Godrej	Son of Mr.Nadir Godrejxx) Mr. Hormazd Godrej	Son of Mr.Nadir Godrejxxi) Mr.Navroze Godrej	Son of Mr. Jamshyd Godrejxxii) Mr. Arvind Dubash	Husband of Ms. Tanya Dubashh) Trust where the reporting entity excercises significant influencei) Godrej Consumer Products Limited Employees' Stock Option Trusti) Post employment Benefit Trust where the reporting entity exercises significant influencei) Godrej Consumer Products Employees' Provident Fund
B) The Related Party Transactions are as under :	` Crore
Subsidiary Companies
Associate Company
Investing Entity in which the reporting entity is an associate
Companies Under Common Control
Key Management Personnel and Relatives
Post employment benefit trust
Total
Current YearPrevious YearCurrent YearPrevious YearCurrent YearPrevious YearCurrent YearPrevious YearCurrent YearPrevious YearCurrent YearPrevious YearCurrent YearPrevious YearSale of Goods48.7140.210.400.5712.8918.863.371.71----65.3761.35Sale of Capital Asset-----0.02-------0.02Purchase of Materials and Spares6.004.260.16-58.4740.160.290.13----64.9244.55Purchase of Fixed Asset including Assets under Construction------0.0710.74----0.0710.74Advance Paid----1.511.510.050.25----1.561.76Royalty and Technical Fees Received22.4717.63----------22.4717.63Royalty and Technical Fees Paid0.130.120.620.87--------0.750.99Establishment & Other Expenses Paid (Including provision for doubtful debts if any)0.260.350.141.1934.3833.508.956.92----43.7341.96Expenses Recovered20.4116.36-0.010.210.230.030.35----20.6516.95Investments Made10.31156.52----------10.31156.52Investments Sold / Redeemed--2.28---------2.28-Fair Value of Financial Guarantees included in Investments0.137.54----------0.137.54Guarantees Given / (Cancelled)1,481.78544.21----------1,481.78544.21Financial Guarantee Fee Received9.134.01----------9.134.01Guarantee Commission Income21.6220.24----------21.6220.24Income from Business Support Services11.3911.57----------11.3911.57Dividend Paid----627.98313.9990.0145.0135.4317.69--753.42376.69Commission on Profits and Sitting Fees--------4.202.64--4.202.64Lease Rentals Received----9.2510.87------9.2510.87Lease Rentals Paid----14.2115.49---0.26--14.2115.75Contribution during the year (Including Employees' Share)----------16.6315.3416.6315.34Short Term Employment Benefits--------23.3233.40--23.3233.40Post Employment Benefits--------0.500.42--0.500.42Share Based Payment--------3.853.80--3.853.80TOTAL1,632.34823.023.602.64758.90434.63102.7765.1167.3058.2116.6315.342,581.541,398.95
Outstanding Balances	` Crore
Receivables	Payables	Guarantees Outstanding - Given/ (Taken)
Commitments
As atAs atAs atAs atAs atAs atAs atAs atMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018March 31, 2019March 31, 2018March 31, 2019March 31, 2018March 31, 2019March 31, 2018Subsidiary Companies79.3246.391.340.883,625.593,881.11--Associate Company0.040.07-----0.01Investing Entity in which the reporting entity is an associate1.400.973.63-(26.88)(26.88)-2.61Common Control2.170.340.560.02(1.21)(1.21)1.590.99Key Management Personnel and Relatives--5.0016.22----TOTAL82.9347.7710.5317.123,597.503,853.021.593.61Note : Refer note 5 for investments in subsidiaries and associates.
NOTE 40 : LEASESThe Company's significant leasing agreements are in respect of operating lease for premises (office, godown, etc.) and the aggregate lease rentals payable are charged as rent. The Total lease payments accounted for the year ended March 31, 2019 is ` 43.36 crore (previous year ` 41.53 crore).
The future minimum lease payments outstanding under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:
` Crore
     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Not later than one year12.1512.63Later than one year and not later than five years9.5436.27Later than five years-10.59TOTAL21.6959.49The Company has entered into an agreement to give one of its office building on operating lease effective May 2015. Total lease rentals earned during the year ended March 31, 2019 amounting to ` 9.13 crore have been netted off against rent expense of ` 9.13 crore in Note 34 for similar premises in the same building.
The future minimum lease rental receivable under the non-cancellable operating lease is as follows:
` Crore
     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Not later than one year9.139.13Later than one year and not later than five years1.1010.20Later than five years--TOTAL10.2319.33NOTE 41 : HEDGING CONTRACTSThe Company uses forward exchange contracts to hedge its foreign exchange exposure relating to the underlying transactions and firm commitments in accordance with its forex policy as determined by its Forex Committee. The Company does not use foreign exchange forward contracts for trading or speculation purposes.Forward / Spot Contracts outstanding are as follows:As at March 31, 2019As at March 31, 2018In millionIn millionForward Contracts to Purchase (USD)US $29.17US $	20.53[86 contracts (31-Mar-18: 31 contracts)]NOTE 42 : EMPLOYEE BENEFITSa) DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANProvident Fund / Super annuation fund:The contributions to the Provident Fund of certain employees (including some employees of the erstwhile Godrej Household Products Ltd) are made to a Government administered Provident Fund and there are no further obligations beyond making such contribution. The Superannuation Fund constitutes an insured benefit, which is classified as a defined contribution plan as the Company contributes to an Insurance Company and has no further obligation beyond making payment to the insurance company.b) DEFINED BENEFIT PLANGratuity:The Company participates in the Employees’ Group Gratuity-cum-Life Assurance Scheme of HDFC Standard Life Insurance Co. Ltd., a funded defined benefit plan for qualifying employees. Gratuity is payable to all eligible employees on death or on separation / termination in terms of the provisions of the Payment of Gratuity (Amendment) Act, 1997, or as per the Company’s scheme whichever is more beneficial to the employees.
The Gratuity scheme of the erstwhile Godrej Household Products Ltd., which was obtained pursuant to the Scheme of Amalgamation, is funded through Unit Linked Gratuity Plan with HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company Limited.The liability for the Defined Benefit Plan is provided on the basis of a valuation, using the Projected Unit Credit Method, as at the Balance Sheet date, carried out by an independent actuary.The Company has a gratuity trust. However, the Company funds its gratuity payouts from its cash flows. Accordingly, the Company creates adequate provision in its books every year based on actuarial valuation.These benefit plans expose the Company to actuarial risks, such as longevity risk, interest rate risk and investment risk.Provident Fund:The Company manages the Provident Fund plan through a Provident Fund Trust for its employees which is permitted under The Employees’ Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 and is actuarially valued. The plan envisages contribution by the employer and employees and guarantees interest at the rate notified by the Provident Fund authority. The contribution by employer and employee, together with interest, are payable at the time of separation from service or retirement, whichever is earlier.The Company has an obligation to fund any shortfall on the yield of the trust’s investments over the administered interest rates on an annual basis. These administered rates are determined annually predominantly considering the social rather than economic factors and the actual return earned by the Company has been higher in the past years. The actuary has provided a valuation for provident fund liabilities on the basis of guidance issued by Actuarial Society of India and based on the below provided assumptions there is no shortfall as at March 31, 2019.` CroreAs atAs atMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018Plan assets at period end, at fair value149.31129.57Provident Fund Corpus148.00128.51Valuation assumptions under Deterministic Approach:Weighted Average Yield8.67%8.75%Weighted Average Yield to Maturity9.07%8.95%Guaranteed Rate of Interest8.65%8.65%c) Amounts Recognised as Expense:i) Defined Contribution PlanEmployer’s Contribution to Provident Fund including contribution to Family Pension Fund amounting to ` 11.90 crore (previous year ` 11.03 crore) has been included in Note 31 under Contribution to Provident and Other Funds.ii) Defined Benefit PlanGratuity cost amounting to ` 8.30 crore (previous year ` 6.41 crore) has been included in Note 31 under Contribution to Provident and Other Funds.
d)The amounts recognised in the Company’s financial statements as at year end are as under:` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018i)Change in Present Value of ObligationPresent value of the obligation at the beginning of the year56.3848.07Current Service Cost3.993.40Interest Cost4.403.28Actuarial (Gain) / Loss on Obligation- Due to Change in Demographic Assumptions(0.79)(0.13)Actuarial (Gain) / Loss on Obligation- Due to Change in Financial Assumptions1.512.82Actuarial (Gain) / Loss on Obligation- Due to Experience(0.42)1.79Benefits Paid(4.14)(2.85)Present value of the obligation at the end of the year60.9356.38ii)Change in Plan AssetsFair value of Plan Assets at the beginning of the year1.203.91Interest Income0.090.27Return on plan assets excluding interest income(0.08)(0.13)Contributions by the Employer3.53-Benefits Paid(4.14)(2.85)Fair value of Plan Assets at the end of the year0.601.20iii)Amounts Recognised in the Balance Sheet:Present value of Obligation at the end of the year60.9356.38Fair value of Plan Assets at the end of the year0.601.20Funded status - Deficit60.3355.18Net Liability recognised in the Balance Sheet60.3355.18iv)Amounts Recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss:Current Service Cost3.993.40Interest Cost/Income on Obligation/ Plan assets (Net)4.313.01Net Cost Included in Personnel Expenses8.306.41v)Recognised in other comprehensive income for the yearActuarial (Gain) / Loss on Obligation0.304.47Return on plan assets excluding interest income0.080.13Recognised in other comprehensive income0.384.60vi)Weighted average duration of Present Benefit Obligation6 years6 yearsvii)Estimated contribution to be made in next financial year8.447.82viii)Major categories of Plan Assets as a % of total Plan AssetsInsurer Managed Funds100%100%ix)Actuarial Assumptionsi)	Discount Rate7.22% P.A.7.80% P.A.ii)	Salary Escalation Rate9.00% P.A.9.00% P.A.iii) Mortality	Indian Assured Lives Mortality(2006-08) UltimateThe estimates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, take account of inflation, seniority, promotion and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market.
x)Maturity Analysis of Projected Benefit Obligation: From the Fund` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Projected Benefits Payable in Future Years From the Date of ReportingWithin the next 12 months14.4912.412nd Following Year6.944.993rd Following Year6.285.414th Following Year5.875.025th Following Year6.674.85Sum of Years 6 To 1023.6823.89xi) Sensitivity analysisReasonably possible changes at the reporting date to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other assumptions constant, would have affected the defined benefit obligation by the amounts shown below:March 31, 2019	March 31, 2018IncreaseDecreaseIncreaseDecreaseDiscount rate (1% movement)(2.54)2.82(2.77)3.11Future salary growth (1% movement)2.74(2.53)3.04(2.77)Although the analysis does not take account of the full distribution of cash flows expected under the plan, it does provide an approximation of the sensitivity of the assumptions shown.The method and types of assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis did not change compared to the prior period.Other detailsMethodology Adopted for ALM	Projected Unit Credit MethodUsefulness and Methodology adopted for Sensitivity analysis	Sensitivity analysis is an analysis which will give the movement inliability if the assumptions were not proved to be true on different  count. This only signifies the change in the liability if the difference between assumed and the actual is not following the parameters of the sensitivity analysis.Comment on Quality of Assets	Since investment is with insurance company, Assets are considered to be secured.NOTE 43 : EMPLOYEE STOCK BENEFIT PLANSI. EMPLOYEE STOCK GRANT SCHEMEa) The Company set up the Employees Stock Grant Scheme 2011 (ESGS) pursuant to the approval by the Shareholders on March 18, 2011.b) The ESGS Scheme is effective from April 1, 2011, (the “Effective Date”) and shall continue to be in force until (i) its termination by the Board or (ii) the date on which all of the shares to be vested under Employee Stock Grant Scheme 2011 have been vested in the Eligible Employees and all restrictions on such Stock Grants awarded under the terms of ESGS Scheme, if any, have lapsed, whichever is earlier.c) The Scheme applies to the Eligible Employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries. The entitlement of each employee will be decided by the Compensation Committee of the Company based on the employee’s performance, level, grade, etc.d) The total number of Stock Grants to be awarded under the ESGS Scheme are restricted to 2,500,000 (Twenty Five Lac) fully paid up equity shares of the Company. Not more than 500,000 (Five Lac) fully paid up equity shares or 1% of the issued equity share capital at the time of awarding the Stock Grant, whichever is lower, can be awarded to any one employee in any one year.e) The Stock Grants shall vest in the Eligible Employees pursuant to the ESGS Scheme in the proportion of 1/3rd at the end of each year or as may be decided by the Compensation Committee from the date on which the Stock Grants are awarded for a period of three consecutive years subject to the condition that the Eligible Employee continues to be in employment of the Company or the Subsidiary company as the case may be.f) The Eligible Employee shall exercise her / his right to acquire the shares vested in her / him all at one time within 1 month from the date on which the shares vested in her / him or such other period as may be determined by the Compensation Committee.g) The Exercise Price of the shares has been fixed at ` 1 per share. The fair value is treated as Employee Compensation Expenses and charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss. The value of the options is treated as a part of employee compensation in the financial statements and is amortised over the vesting period.
h) The details of the scheme are as below:Scheme	Grant Date	No. of Options	VestingCondition
Exercise Price (`) per share
Weighted average Exercise Price (`) per share
Exercise period
Employees Stock Grant Scheme 2011From 2011 to2018635,424Vested in the proportion of 1/3rd at the end of each year1.001.00within 1 month from the date of vestingMovement in the number of share options during the year:     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Outstanding at the beginning of the year224,011128,895Add: Bonus issue during the year102,049122,214Add: Granted during the year98,343111,829Less: Exercised during the year114,546127,886Less: Forfeited/ lapsed during the year14,84211,041Outstanding at the end of the year295,015224,011Weighted average remaining contractual life of options as at 31st March, 2019 was 2.93 years (31-Mar-18: 1.24 years). Weighted average equity share price at the date of exercise of options during the year was ` 1213.37 (previous year ` 1297.64).The fair value of the employee share options has been measured using the Black-Scholes formula. The following assumptions were used for calculation of fair value of grants:As atAs atMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018Risk-free interest rate (%)7.51%6.46%Expected life of options (years)2.002.00Expected volatility (%)28.29%32.21%Dividend yield1.05%0.31%The price of the underlying share in market at the time of option grant (`)*1,139.451,868.75* Price is before issue of Bonus sharesII. Pursuant to SEBI notification dated January 17, 2013, no further securities of the Company will be purchased from the open market.NOTE 44 : CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) EXPENDITUREExpenditure related to CSR as per section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule VII thereof, against the mandatory spend of` 21.87 crore (previous year ` 18.83 crore):` CroreYear endedYear endedMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018Revenue Expenditure in cash on CSR activities21.9018.88TOTAL21.9018.88
NOTE 45 : FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTSA. Accounting classification and fair valuesCarrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities, including their levels in the fair value hierarchy, are presented below. It does not include the fair value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value.` CroreCarrying amount / Fair Value	Fair value Hierarchy
As at March 31, 2019Financial assets Non Current Investments
FVTPL	FVTOCI	AmortisedCost
Total	Level 1	Level 2	Level 3	Total
Non-convertible Debentures with Non-Banking Financial Companies--------Deposits with Non-Banking Financial Companies--------Loans-	-16.9916.99-	-	-	-Other Non-Current Financial Assets-	-31.0731.07-	-	-	-CurrentInvestmentsNon-convertible Debentures with Non-Banking Financial Companies--329.27329.27-329.94-329.94Mutual Funds13.01--13.01-13.01-13.01Deposits with Non-Banking Financial Companies135.06135.06135.06135.06Trade receivables--353.18353.18----Cash and cash equivalents--79.6979.69----Other Bank balances--17.5517.55----Loans--0.140.14----Refunds/Incentives receivables from Govt. Authorities--117.37117.37----Other Current Financial Assets--21.4621.46----TOTAL13.01-1,101.781,114.79-478.01-478.01Financial liabilitiesCurrentTrade and other payables--1,457.611,457.61----Derivative liability8.698.698.69Other Current Financial Liabilities--40.1340.13----TOTAL8.69-1,497.741,506.43-8.69--There are no transfers between levels 1 and 2 during the year
` CroreCarrying amount / Fair Value	Fair value Hierarchy
As at March 31, 2018Financial assets Non Current Investments
FVTPL	FVTOCI	AmortisedCost
Total	Level 1	Level 2	Level 3	Total
Non-convertible Debentures with Non-Banking Financial Companies--	84.6684.6684.7984.79Deposits with Non-Banking Financial Companies--	20.5420.5420.5420.54Loans--	16.3216.32-Other Non-Current Financial Assets--	4.274.27-Current--Investments--Non-convertible Debentures with Non-Banking Financial Companies--	336.01336.01339.38339.38Mutual Funds107.63-	-107.63107.63107.63Commercial papers97.0497.0497.0497.04Deposits with Non-Banking Financial Companies306.97306.97306.97306.97Trade receivables--	248.58248.58-Cash and cash equivalents--	86.1186.11-Other Bank balances--	12.0012.00-Loans--	0.250.25-Refunds/Incentives receivables from Govt. Authorities--	173.66173.66-Derivative assets0.61-	-0.61-	0.61-	0.61Other Current Financial Assets--	18.9718.97-TOTAL108.24-	1,405.381,513.62-	956.95-	956.95Financial liabilitiesCurrentBorrowings (Commercial Paper)Trade and other payables--	1,452.921,452.92-	--	-Other Current Financial Liabilities--	39.0039.00-	--	-TOTAL--	1,491.921,491.92-	--	-There are no transfers between levels 1 and 2 during the year
B. Measurement of fair valuesValuation techniques and significant unobservable inputsThe following tables show the valuation techniques used in measuring Level 2 and Level 3 fair values, as well as the significant unobservable inputs used.Financial instruments measured at fair value
Type	Valuation technique   
Significant unobservable inputs
Inter-relationship between significant unobservable inputs and fair value measurement
Mutual Fund Investments	NAV quoted by the Mutual Fund	NA	NA
Investments in Non Convertible Debenture/Commercial papers with Non-Banking Financial Companies
Broker Quote	NA	NA
Deposits with Non-Banking Financial Companies	Present Value of expected cashflows using an appropriate discounting rateCommercial Paper issued by the Company	Present Value of expected cashflows using an appropriate discounting rate
NA	NANA	NA
Derivative Financial Instruments	MTM from Banks	NA	NA
NOTE 46 : FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENTThe activities of the Company exposes it to a number of financial risks namely market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company seeks to minimize the potential impact of unpredictability of the financial markets on its financial performance. The Company has constituted a   Risk Management Committee and risk management policies which are approved by the Board to identify and analyze the risks faced by the Company and to set and monitor appropriate risk limits and controls for mitigation of the risks.A. MANAGEMENT OF MARKET RISK:Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market prices. Market risk comprises of three types of risks: interest rate risk, price risk and currency rate risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk includes borrowings, foreign currency receivables/payables, EEFC bank account balances, investments and derivative financial instruments. The Company has international trade operations and is exposed to a variety of market risks, including currency and interest rate risks.(i) Management of interest rate risk:Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Company does not have any exposure to interest rate risks since its borrowings and investments are all in fixed rate instruments.(ii) Management of price risk:The Company invests its surplus funds in various debt instruments including liquid and short term schemes of debt mutual funds,  deposits with banks and financial institutions, commercial papers and non-convertible debentures (NCD’s). Investments in mutual funds, deposits and NCD’s are susceptible to market price risk, arising from changes in interest rates or market yields which may impact the return and value of the investments. This risk is mitigated by the Company by investing the funds in various tenors depending on the liquidity needs of the Company.(iii) Management of currency risk:Currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Company has foreign currency trade payables and receivables and is therefore exposed to foreign exchange risk. The Company mitigates the foreign exchange risk by setting appropriate exposure limits, periodic monitoring of the exposures and hedging exposures using derivative financial instruments like foreign exchange forward contracts. The exchange rates have been volatile in the recent years and may continue to be volatile in the future. Hence the operating results and financials of the Company may be impacted due to volatility of the rupee against foreign currencies.Exposure to currency risk (Exposure in different currencies converted to functional currency i.e. INR)The currency profile of financial assets and financial liabilities as at March 31, 2019 is as below:` CroreMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2019March 31, 2019March 31, 2019GBPUSDEUROAEDFinancial assetsCash and cash equivalents-6.39--Trade and other receivables2.1271.9231.82-Less: Forward contracts for trade receivables----Other Non-Current Financial Assets-20.75--Other Current Financial Assets-10.27--2.12109.3331.82-Financial liabilitiesTrade and other payables0.42313.060.20-Less: Forward contracts for trade payables-(201.72)--Other Non-current financial liabilities0.00-Other Current Financial Liabilities-0.02--0.42111.360.20-Net exposure1.70(2.03)31.62-
Exposure to currency risk (Exposure in different currencies converted to functional currency i.e. INR)The currency profile of financial assets and financial liabilities as at March 31, 2018 is as below:` CroreMarch 31, 2018March 31, 2018March 31, 2018March 31, 2018GBPUSDEUROAEDFinancial assetsCash and cash equivalents-6.11--Trade and other receivables1.1947.0536.102.32Less: Forward contracts for trade receivables----Other Non-Current Financial Assets-4.20--Other Current Financial Assets-7.89--1.1965.2536.102.32Financial liabilitiesTrade and other payables1.95198.645.05-Less: Forward contracts for trade payables-(133.80)--Other Current Financial Liabilities-0.21--1.9565.055.05-Net exposure(0.76)0.2031.052.32The following significant exchange rates have been applied during the year.INR	Year-end spot rate as atSensitivity analysisA reasonably possible 5% strengthening (weakening) of GBP/USD/EURO/AED against the Indian Rupee at March 31 would have affected the measurement of financial instruments denominated in GBP/USD/EURO/AED and affected profit or loss by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant and ignores any impact of forecast sales and purchases.
Effect in INR	Profit or loss
` Crore
March 31, 20195% movement
Strengthening	Weakening
GBP	0.08	(0.08)USD	(0.10)	0.10EUR	1.58	(1.58)1.56	(1.56)
Effect in INR	Profit or loss
` Crore
B. MANAGEMENT OF CREDIT RISK:Credit risk refers to the risk of default on its obligations by a counterparty to the Company resulting in a financial loss to the Company. The Company is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities (trade receivables) and from its investing activities including investments in mutual funds, commercial papers, deposits with banks and financial institutions and Non-convertible debentures, foreign exchange transactions and financial instruments.Credit risk from trade receivables is managed through the Company’s policies, procedures and controls relating to customer credit risk management by establishing credit limits, credit approvals and monitoring creditworthiness of the customers to which the Company extends credit in the normal course of business. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored. The Company has no concentration of credit risk as the customer base is widely distributed.Credit risk from investments of surplus funds is managed by the Company’s treasury in accordance with the Board approved policy and limits. Investments of surplus funds are made only with those counterparties who meet the minimum threshold requirements prescribed  by the Board. The Company monitors the credit ratings and financial strength of its counter parties and adjusts its exposure accordingly.At March 31, 2019, the ageing for the financial assets as mentioned in the note below & that were not impaired (not provided for) was as follows.` CroreTrade receivables     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Neither past due nor impaired188.62171.78Past due 1–90 days125.8054.11Past due 91–120 days14.000.93Past due 120 days24.7621.76353.18248.58Management believes that the unimpaired amounts that are past due are still collectible in full, based on historical payment behavior    and extensive analysis of customer credit risk, including underlying customers’ credit ratings if they are available. The Company uses an allowance matrix to measure the expected credit loss of trade receivables from individual customers which comprise on large number of small balances.The movement in the allowance for impairment in respect of trade receivables is as follows` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Opening balance5.625.07Impairment loss recognised during the year0.720.55Closing balance6.345.62C. MANAGEMENT OF LIQUIDITY RISK:Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company may not be able to meet its present and future cash obligations without incurring unacceptable losses. The Company’s objective is to maintain at all times, optimum levels of liquidity to meet its obligations. The Company closely monitors its liquidity position and has a robust cash management system. The Company maintains adequate sources of financing including debt and overdraft from domestic and international banks and financial markets at optimized cost.Exposure to liquidity riskThe following are the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities at the reporting date. The amounts are gross and undiscounted, and include estimated interest payments.` CroreContractual cash flowsMarch 31, 2019Carrying amountTotalLess than 1 Year1-3 yearsMore than 3 yearsNon-derivative financial liabilitiesTrade payables1,457.611,457.611,457.61-	-Other Financial Liabilities48.8248.8248.82-	-Derivative financial liabilitiesForward exchange contracts-	Outflow201.72201.72201.72-	--	Inflow----	-
` CroreContractual cash flowsMarch 31, 2018Carrying amountTotalLess than 1 Year1-3 yearsMore than 3 yearsNon-derivative financial liabilitiesTrade payables1,452.921,452.921,452.92--Other Financial Liabilities39.0039.0039.00--Derivative financial liabilitiesForward exchange contracts-	Outflow134.37134.37134.37-	--	Inflow----	-NOTE 47 : HEDGE ACCOUNTINGThe objective of hedge accounting is to represent, in the Company’s financial statements, the effect of the Company’s use of financial instruments to manage exposures arising from particular risks that could affect profit or loss. As part of its risk management strategy, the Company makes use of financial derivative instruments, including foreign exchange forward contracts, for hedging the risk embedded in some of its highly probable forecast investment.For derivative contracts designated as hedge, the Company documents, at inception, the economic relationship between the hedging   instrument and the hedged item, the hedge ratio, the risk management objective for undertaking the hedge and the methods used to assess the hedge effectiveness. The derivative contracts have been taken to hedge foreign currency risk on highly probable forecast investment. The tenor of hedging instrument may be less than or equal to the tenor of underlying highly probable forecast investment.Financial contracts designated as hedges are accounted for in accordance with the requirements of Ind AS 109 depending upon the type of hedge. The Company applies cash flow hedge accounting to hedge the variability in the future cash flows on the overseas remittance to its subsidiaries, subject to foreign exchange risk.The Company has a Board approved policy on assessment, measurement and monitoring of hedge effectiveness which provides a guideline    for the evaluation of hedge effectiveness, treatment and monitoring of the hedge effective position from an accounting and risk monitoring perspective. Hedge effectiveness is ascertained at the time of inception of the hedge and periodically thereafter. The Company assesses hedge effectiveness on prospective basis. The prospective hedge effectiveness test is a forward looking evaluation of whether or not the changes in  the fair value or cash flows of the hedging position are expected to be highly effective in offsetting the changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged position over the term of the relationship.Hedge effectiveness is assessed through the application of critical terms match method & dollar off-set method. Any ineffectiveness in a hedging relationship is accounted for in the statement of profit and loss.The table below enumerates the Company’s hedging strategy, typical composition of the Company’s hedge portfolio, the instruments used to hedge risk exposures and the type of hedging relationship:
Sr	Type ofNo risk/ hedge
Hedged item	Description of hedging strategy
 Hedging	Description of hedging instrument instrument
Type of hedging
The table below provide details of the derivatives that have been designated as cash flow hedges for the year presented:For the year ended March 31, 2019Change in fair	Line item	AmountNotional	DerivativeDerivativeGain/(Loss)value for the	Ineffectiveness	in profit or	reclassified	Line item inHedging	principal	FinancialFinancialdue toyear recognized	recognized in	loss that	from the	profit or lossInstrument	amount InstrumentsInstrumentschange inin Other	profit or loss	includes hedge hedge reserve affected by the- Assets- Liabilitiesfair valueComprehensive	ineffectiveness	to profit or	reclassificationIncome (OCI)	lossForeign exchange	-	----	-	NA	NA	NAforward contracts
For the year ended March 31, 2018Change in fair	Line item	AmountNotional	DerivativeDerivativeGain/(Loss)value for the	Ineffectiveness	in profit or	reclassified	Line item inHedging	principal	FinancialFinancialdue toyear recognized	recognized in	loss that	from the	profit or lossInstrument	amount InstrumentsInstrumentschange inin Other	profit or loss	includes hedge hedge reserve affected by the- Assets- Liabilitiesfair valueComprehensive	ineffectiveness	to profit or	reclassificationIncome (OCI)	lossForeign exchange	-	----	-	NA	NA	NAforward contractsThe following table provides a reconciliation by risk category of the components of equity and analysis of Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) items resulting from hedge accounting:Movement in Cash flow hedge reserve for the years ended
   As at March 31, 2019   
As at March 31, 2018
Opening balance	(0.75)	(0.75)Gain / (Loss) on the Effective portion of changes in fair value:Currency risk	-	-Net amount reclassified to profit or loss:Currency risk	-	-Tax on movements on reserves during the year	-	-Closing balance	(0.75)	(0.75)
Disclosure of effects of hedge accounting on financial performance for the year ended March 31, 2019Gain/(Loss)
Line item
Type of hedgeCash Flow Hedge
due to change in the value of the hedging instrument recognised in OCI
Hedge ineffectiveness recognisd in profit or loss
Amount reclassified from cash flow hedging reserve to profit or loss
affected in statement of profit and loss because of the reclassification
Currency risk	-	-	-	NA
Disclosure of effects of hedge accounting on financial performance for the year ended March 31, 2018Gain/(Loss)
Line item
Type of hedgeCash Flow Hedge
due to change in the value of the hedging instrument recognised in OCI
Hedge ineffectiveness recognisd in profit or loss
Amount reclassified from cash flow hedging reserve to profit or loss
affected in statement of profit and loss because of the reclassification
Currency risk	-	-	-	NANOTE 48 : DISCLOSURE U/S 186 (4) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013Details of Investments made are disclosed under Note 5 and details of corporate guarantees given to banks on behalf of other body corporates are disclosed under Note 38.NOTE 49 : SUBSEQUENT EVENTSThere are no significant subsequent events that would require adjustments or disclosures in the financial statements as on the balance sheet date.
NOTE 50 : GENERALAll amounts disclosed in the financial statements and notes have been rounded off to the nearest crore as per the requirements of Schedule III, unless otherwise stated.As per our report of even date attachedFor and on behalf of the BoardFor B S R & Co. LLPChartered AccountantsFirm Regn No. 101248W/W-100022Nisaba Godrej Executive Chairperson DIN: 00591503Vijay MathurV SrinivasanVivek GambhirPartnerChief Financial OfficerManaging Director & CEOM. No. 046476& Company SecretaryDIN: 6527810Mumbai: May 3, 2019
This page has been intentionally left blank
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
To the Members ofGodrej Consumer Products LimitedReport on the Audit of Consolidated Financial StatementsOpinionWe have audited the consolidated financial statements of Godrej Consumer Products Limited (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Holding Company”) and its subsidiaries (Holding Company and its subsidiaries together referredto as “the Group”), its associate and  its joint venture, which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 March 2019, and the consolidated statement of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income) , consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summaryof significant accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as “the consolidated financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, and based on the consideration of reports of other auditors on separate financial statements of such subsidiaries, associate and joint venture as were audited by the other auditors, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformitywith the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the Group, its associate and its joint venture as at 31 March 2019, of its consolidated profit and other comprehensive income, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows for the year then ended.Basis for OpinionWe conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of
the Act. Our responsibilities under those SAs are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the provisionsof the Act. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.Key Audit MattersKey audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements  of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial  statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Description of Key Audit Matters:The key audit matter	How the matter was addressed in our audit
Impairment evaluation of Intangible assets (refer note 53 to the consolidated financial statements)The carrying amount of intangible assets (other than goodwill) represent 16 % of the Group’s total assets.We consider the impairment evaluation of intangible assets by management to involve significant estimates and judgement, due to the inherent uncertainty involved in forecasting and discounting future cash flows. Further due to their materiality in the context oftotal assets of the Group, this is considered significant to our overall audit strategy and planning.Impairment evaluation of Goodwill (refer note 53 to the consolidated financial statements)The carrying amount of Goodwill represents 35 % of the Group’s total assets.We consider the annual impairment evaluation of Goodwill by management to involve significant estimates and judgement, due to the inherent uncertainty involved in forecasting and discountingfuture cash flows and in determining the recoverable amount. Further due to the materiality in the context of total assets of the Group,this is considered to be significant to our overall audit strategy and planning
Our audit procedures included:• Assessing the valuation methodology and evaluating and challenging the reasonableness of the assumptions used, in particular those relating to forecast revenue growth and royalty rates, with the assistance of our valuations team;• Performing sensitivity analysis on the assumptions noted above; and considering the adequacy of disclosures in respect of the intangible assets.Our audit procedures included:• Reviewing the appropriateness of management’s basis to identify relevant Cash Generating Units (CGU) for which Goodwill is being tested;• Involving our valuations team to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of the discount rates applied, which included comparing the weighted?average cost of capital with sector averages for the relevant markets in which the CGUs operate;• Evaluating the appropriateness of the assumptions applied to key inputs such as sales volumes and prices, operating costs, inflation and long?term growth rates,;

The key audit matter	How the matter was addressed in our audit• Performing our own sensitivity analysis, which included assessing the effect of reasonably possible reductions in growth rates and forecast cash flows to evaluate the impact on the currently estimated headroom and• Evaluating the adequacy of the consolidated financial statement disclosures, including disclosures of key assumptions, judgements and sensitivities.
Other InformationThe Holding Company’s management and Board of Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the Holding Company’s annual report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditors’ report thereon.Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we  do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the auditor otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed and based on the work done/ audit report of other auditors,we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governancefor the Consolidated Financial StatementsThe Holding Company’s management and Board of Directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these consolidated financial statements in term of the requirements of the Act that give a true and fair view of the consolidated state of affairs, consolidated profit
and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated cash  flows of the Group including its associate and joint venture in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including  the Indian Accounting Standards (IndAS) specified under section 133 of the Act. The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of its associate and joint venture are responsible formaintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of each company andfor preventing and detecting frauds  and other irregularities; the selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonableand prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements by the Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respectivemanagement and Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of its associate and joint venture are responsible for assessing the ability of each company to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related togoing concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of its associate and joint venture is responsible for overseeing the financial reporting process of each company.Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial StatementsOur objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statementsas a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements  can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on thebasis of these consolidated financial statements.As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.We also:• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of
the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and  appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the company has adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements in place and the operating effectiveness ofsuch controls.• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accountingin preparation of consolidated financial statements and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events orconditions that may cast significant doubt on the appropriateness of this assumption. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention  in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,to modify our opinion. Our
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group (companyand subsidiaries) as well as its associate and joint venture to cease to continue as agoing concern.• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of such entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinionon the consolidated financial statements, of which we are the independent auditors. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audit of financial information of such entities. For the other entities included in the consolidated financial statements, which have been audited by other auditors, such other auditors remain responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audits carried out by them. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion. Our responsibilities in this regard are further described in para (a) of the section titled ‘Other Matters’ in this audit report.We believe that the audit evidence obtained by us along with the consideration of audit reports of the other auditors referred to in sub? paragraph (a) of the Other Matters paragraph below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company and such other entities included in the consolidated financial statements of which we are the independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significantaudit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bearon our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements  of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected tooutweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.Other Matters(a) We did not audit the financial statements of 33 subsidiaries whose financial statements reflect total assets of ` 9,414.53 crore as at 31 March 2019,total revenues of ` 6,989.91 crore and net cash outflows amounting to ` 162.90 crore for the year ended on that date, as considered in the consolidated financial statements. These financial statements have been
audited by other auditors whose reports have been furnished to us by the Management and our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, in so faras it relates to the amounts and disclosures included in  respect of these subsidiaries and our report in terms of sub?section (3) of Section 143 of the Act, in so  far as it relates to the aforesaid subsidiaries is based solely on the audit reports of theother auditors.(b) The consolidated financial statements also include the Group’s share of  net  profit/ loss (and other comprehensive income) of ` 0.63 crore for the year ended 31 March 2019, as considered in the consolidatedfinancial statements, in respect of an associate and a joint venture, whose financial statementshave not been audited either by us or by other auditors. These unaudited financial statements have been furnished to us by the Management and our opinionon the consolidated financial statements, in so far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of this joint venture and associate, and our report in terms of sub?section (3) of Section 143 of the Act in so   far as it relates to the aforesaid joint venture and associate, is based solely on such unaudited financial statements. In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us by the Management, these financial statements  are not material to the Group.Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements below, is not modified in respect of the above matters with respect to our reliance on the work
done and the reports of the other auditors and the financial statements certified by the Management.Report on Other Legal and Regulatory RequirementsA. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of reports of the other auditors on separate financial statements of such subsidiariesas were audited by other auditors, as noted in the ‘Other Matters’ paragraph, we report, to the extent applicable, that:a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were necessary forthe purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements.b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements havebeen kept so far as it appears from our examination of those books and the reports of the other auditors.c) The consolidated balance sheet, the consolidated statement of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), the consolidated statement of changes inequity and the consolidated statement of cash flows dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements.d) In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements comply with
the Ind AS specified under section 133 of the Act.e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company as on 31 March 2019 taken on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company, none of the directors of the Holding Company is disqualified  as on 31 March 2019 from being appointed as a director in terms of section 164(2) ofthe Act.f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with referenceto consolidated financial statements of the Holding Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure A”.B. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditor’s) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according tothe explanations given to us and based on the consideration of the reports of the other auditors on separate financial statements of the subsidiaries as noted in the ‘Other Matters’ paragraph:i. The consolidated financial statements disclose the impact of pending litigations as at 31 March 2019 on the consolidated financial position of the Group, its associate  and joint venture. ReferNote 41 to the consolidated financial statements.ii. Provision has been made in the consolidated financial
statements, as required under the applicable law or IndAS, for material foreseeable losses, on long?term contracts including derivative contracts. Refer Note 51 to the consolidated financial statements in respect  of such items as it relates to the Group, its associate and joint venture.iii. There are no amounts which are required to be transferred to the Investor  Education and Protection Fund by the Holding Company during the year ended 31 March 2019.iv. The disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements  regarding holdings as well as dealings  in specified bank notes during the period from 8 November 2016 to 30 December 2016 have not been made inthe consolidated financial statements since they do not pertain to the financial year ended 31 March 2019.C. With respect to the matter to be included in the Auditor’s report under section 197(16) of the Act:In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the remuneration paid during the current year by the Holding Company to its directors is in accordance with the provisions of section 197 of the
Act. The remuneration paid to any director by the Holding Company is not in excess of the limit laid down under section 197 of the Act. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has not prescribed other details under Section 197(16)of the Act which are required to be commented upon by us.For B S R & Co. LLP          Chartered Accountants Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W?100022Vijay MathurPartnerMembership No: 046476Mumbai : May 3, 2019
Annexure A to the Independent Auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements of Godrej Consumer Products Limited for the year ended 31 March 2019Report on the internal financial controls with reference to the aforesaid consolidated financial statements under Clause (i) ofSub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013(Referred to in paragraph (f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of even date)OpinionIn conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended 31 March 2019, we have audited the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statementsof Godrej Consumer Products Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the Holding Company”) as of that date.In our opinion, the Holding Company, has, in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements and such internal financial controls were operating effectively as at 31 March 2019, based on the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements criteria established by such companies considering the essential components of such internal controls stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “Guidance Note”).Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial ControlsThe Holding Company’s management and the Board of Directors are
responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements based on the criteria established by the Holding Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note. These responsibilities include the design,  implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderlyand efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the Holding company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracyand completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”).Auditors’ ResponsibilityOur responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note and the Standards on Auditing, prescribed under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequateinternal financial controls with referenceto consolidated financial statements were established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to
consolidated  financial  statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financialcontrols with reference to consolidated financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of the internal controls based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for ouraudit opinion on the Holding Company’s internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements.Meaning of Internal Financial controls with Reference to Consolidated Financial Statements A Holding Company’s internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A Holding Company’s internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairlyreflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Holding Company;(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Holding Company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the Holding Company; and (3) provide reasonable assuranceregarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the Holding Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial controls with Reference to consolidated Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements, including the possibilityof collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.Also, projections of any  evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements
may become  inadequate  because of changes in conditions, or that thedegree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.For B S R & Co. LLP          Chartered Accountants Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W?100022Vijay MathurPartnerMembership No: 046476Mumbai : May 3, 2019
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS AT MARCH 31, 2019Note
As at
` CroreAs at
I. ASSETS
No.
March 31, 2019
March 31, 2018
1.	Non-current assets(a)Property, Plant and Equipment     3	 	1,192.29 	1,066.36 (b)Capital work?in?progress 	   	50.90 	82.08 (c)Goodwill     4	 	4,918.03 	4,718.87 (d)Other Intangible assets     4	 	2,559.94 	2,529.77 (e)Intangible assets under development 	   	1.16 	1.80 (f)Investments in associate     5	 	34.67 	36.32 (g)Financial Assets 	   	   	(i)	Other Investments     6	 	- 	105.20 (ii)	Loans     7	 	18.77 	18.87 (iii) Others     8	 	5.77 	9.57 (h)Deferred tax assets (net)    9D 	549.32 	100.04 (i)Other non?current assets    10 	53.39 	64.89 (j)Non?Current Tax Assets (net)    9C 	97.43	61.26 Total Non Current Assets 	   	9,481.67	8,795.03 2.	Current assets 	   	   	(a) Inventories    11 	1,558.59 	1,577.72 (b) Financial Assets 	   	   	(i)	Investments    12 	481.31 	855.76 (ii)	Trade receivables    13 	1,292.90 	1,245.50 (iii) Cash and cash equivalents   14A 	862.21 	898.02 (iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above   14B 	32.51 	62.19 (v) Loans    15 	3.73 	2.89 (vi) Others    16 	154.86 	199.11 (c) Other current assets    17 	302.30	327.59 Total Current Assets 	   	4,688.41	5,168.78 TOTAL ASSETS 	   	14,170.08	13,963.81 II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 	   	   	1.	EQUITY 	   	   	(a) Equity Share capital    18 	102.22 	68.13 (b) Other Equity    19 	7,164.70	6,190.18 Total Equity 	   	7,266.92	6,258.31 2.	LIABILITIES 	   	   	Non-current liabilities 	   	   	(a) Financial liabilities 	   	   	(i)	Borrowings    20 	2,604.78 	2,380.32 (ii)	Other financial liabilities    21 	217.55 	753.95 (b) Provisions    22 	108.25 	98.24 (c) Deferred tax liabilities (net)    9E 	76.53 	294.65 (d) Other non?current liabilities     23 	4.27	2.37 Total Non Current liabilities 	   	3,011.38	3,529.53 Current liabilities 	   	   	(a) Financial liabilities 	   	   	(i)	Borrowings     24 	270.94 	154.33 (ii)	Trade payables 	   	   	(a) Total outstanding dues of Micro and Small Enterprises     25 	53.49 	? (b)     Total outstanding dues of creditors other than Micro and Small	25	2,486.39	2,353.10Enterprises	 	   	   	(iii)    Other financial liabilities	 26 	827.85 	1,285.03 (b)     Other current liabilities	 27 	166.87 	311.36 (c)    Provisions	 28 	50.85 	49.28 (d)     Current tax liabilities (net)	 9C 	35.39	22.87  	Total Current Liabilities	 	3,891.78	4,175.97 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES	14,170.08	13,963.81The accompanying notes 1 to 58 are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.As per our report of even date attached For B S R & Co. LLPChartered AccountantsFor and on behalf of the BoardNisaba GodrejFirm Regn No. 101248W/W?100022Executive Chairperson DIN: 00591503Vijay MathurV SrinivasanVivek GambhirPartnerChief Financial OfficerManaging Director & CEOM. No. 046476& Company SecretaryDIN: 6527810Mumbai: May 3, 2019
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2019` Crore
Note No. 
Year ended March 31, 2019 
Year ended March 31, 2018
Employee Benefits Expenses331,090.901,057.41Finance costs34224.25160.74Depreciation and Amortization Expenses35169.98155.68Other Expenses362,551.502,448.55Total Expenses 	   	8,590.96	8,190.46 V.	Profit before Exceptional Items, Share of Net Profits of equity accounted investees and Tax (III-IV) 	   	1,832.141,858.24 	VI. Share of net profits of equity accounted investees (net of income tax) 	   	0.63	1.08 VII. Profit before Exceptional Items and Tax (V+VI) 	   	1,832.77 1,859.32VIII. Exceptional Items (Net)37	252.56179.56IX. Profit before Tax (VII+VIII) 	   	2,085.33 2,038.88X.	Tax expense: 	   	 	(1) Current Tax9A417.90402.46(2) Deferred Tax9A(674.10)2.24Total Tax Expense(256.20)404.70XI. Profit for the Year (IX-X)2,341.531,634.18XII. Other Comprehensive IncomeA	(i)	Items that will not be reclassified to profit or lossRemeasurements of defined benefit plans5.13(5.24)(ii)	Income tax related to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss9A0.212.635.34(2.61)B	(i)	Items that will be reclassified to profit or lossa)	Exchange differences in translating financial statements of foreign operations146.7545.48b)	The effective portion of gains and loss on hedging instruments in a cash flow hedge(13.58)(5.92)(ii)	Income tax related to items that will be reclassifed to profit or loss9A-?133.1739.56Other Comprehensive Income (net of income tax)138.5136.95XII. Total Comprehensive Income for the Year2,480.041,671.13Profit attributable to:Owners of the Company2,341.531,634.18Non?controlling interests-?Other Comprehensive Income attributable to:Owners of the Company138.5136.95Non?controlling interests-?Total comprehensive income attributable to:Owners of the Company2,480.041,671.13Non?controlling interests-?XIII. Earnings per equity share (`)1.	Basic3822.9115.992.	Diluted22.9015.99The accompanying notes 1 to 58 are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.As per our report of even date attached For B S R & Co. LLPChartered AccountantsFor and on behalf of the BoardNisaba GodrejFirm Regn No. 101248W/W?100022Executive Chairperson DIN: 00591503Vijay MathurV SrinivasanVivek GambhirPartnerChief Financial OfficerManaging Director & CEOM. No. 046476& Company SecretaryDIN: 6527810Mumbai: May 3, 2019
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2019` CroreYear endedYear endedMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018A.CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIESProfit Before Exceptional Items and Tax1,832.771,859.32Adjustments for :Depreciation and amortization expenses169.98155.68Bad Debts Written off6.416.00Provision / (Write?back) for Doubtful Debts / Advances6.8912.67Write back of Old Balances(0.21)(0.78)Expenses on Employee Stock Grant Scheme (ESGS)9.128.71(Profit)/ Loss on sale of Property, Plant & Equipment and Intangible assets (net)0.59(4.35)Finance cost224.25160.74Interest Income(86.76)(68.50)Share of profit of equity accounted investees(0.63)(1.08)Fair value (Gain) / Loss on financial assets measured at FVTPL (net)(0.01)8.14Profit on Sale of Investments (net)(8.03)(18.54)Adjustment due to hyperinflation13.23?Unrealised foreign exchange (Gain)/ Loss13.7829.06348.61287.75Operating Cash Flows Before Working Capital Changes2,181.382,147.07Adjustments for :Increase in inventories(20.01)(165.22)Increase in trade receivables(174.20)(245.47)(Increase)/Decrease in loans(0.74)1.13(Increase)/ Decrease in other financial assets39.74(19.04)Increase in other non?current assets(4.58)(0.72)(Increase)/Decrease in other current assets21.62(184.27)Increase in trade and other payables274.22613.22Decrease in other financial liabilities(17.66)(30.83)Increase/ (Decrease) in other liabilities and provisions(117.82)15.660.57(15.54)Cash Generated from Operating Activities2,181.952,131.53Income Taxes paid (net)(435.07)(392.75)Cash Flow before exceptional items1,746.881,738.78Exceptional Items:Restructuring Cost(18.03)(15.43)Net Cash Flow from Operating Activities (A)1,728.851,723.35BCASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIESPurchase of Property, Plant & Equipment and Intangible assets (net)(207.73)(311.49)Investments in Mutual Funds (net)106.80349.15Investments in Deposits with NBFCs (net)192.43(90.14)Investments in Non Convertible Debentures with NBFCs (net)86.06(212.20)Investments in Commercial Papers97.04(97.04)Sale of investment in equity accounted investees2.28?Payment for Business Acquisitions(425.33)?Divestment of business unit, net of cash disposed of278.22?Investments in Fixed Deposits having maturities greater than 3 months (net)29.68(44.58)Interest Received92.1066.47Net Cash Flow used in Investing Activities (B)251.55(339.83)
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2019` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018CCASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIESProceeds from Allotment of Equity Shares under ESGS0.010.01Loans and borrowings (net)(344.69)(487.56)Expenses on issue of bonus shares(0.75)(0.70)Finance Cost(214.67)(157.82)Dividend Paid(1,226.52)(613.12)Dividend Distribution Tax Paid(252.11)(124.82)Net Cash Flow from/ (used in) Financing Activities (C)(2,038.73)(1,384.01)NET INCREASE / (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (A+B+C)(58.33)(0.49)CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS:As at the beginning of the year *(Refer Note 14A)898.02895.05Less: Cash credit(3.42)(0.84)Effect of exchange difference on translation of cash and cash equivalents on consolidation20.190.88As at the end of the year* (Refer Note 14A)862.21898.02Less: Cash credit(5.75)(3.42)NET INCREASE / (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS(58.33)(0.49)*Cash and Cash equivalents includes cash credits, that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of Group’s cash management.` CroreMovement of loans and borrowings:  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Opening Balance3,504.154,000.09Cash Flows (net)(344.69)(487.56)Add/(Less): Exchange difference216.84(8.38)Closing Balance3,376.303,504.15Note:1 The above statement of cash flow has been prepared under the ‘Indirect Method’ as set out in IND AS 7, ‘Statement of Cash Flows’.2 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial StatementsAs per our report of even date attachedFor and on behalf of the BoardFor B S R & Co. LLPChartered AccountantsFirm Regn No. 101248W/W?100022Nisaba Godrej Executive Chairperson DIN: 00591503Vijay MathurV SrinivasanVivek GambhirPartnerChief Financial OfficerManaging Director & CEOM. No. 046476& Company SecretaryDIN: 6527810Mumbai: May 3, 2019

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2019(a) Equity Share Capital
Note No.
` Crore
As at April 1, 2018	68.13Changes in equity share capital during the year	18	34.09As at March 31, 2019	102.22
(b) Other Equity (Refer Note 19)
Reserves & Surplus	Other Comprehensive Income Exchange
Non-
` CroreTotal
Securities Premium
General Reserve 
Other Reserves
Retained Earnings
Effective portion of Cash Flow Hedges
differences on translating the financial statements
Total
Controlling Interests
Equity


Reserves & Surplus	Other Comprehensive Income Exchange
Non-
` CroreTotal
Securities Premium
General Reserve 
Other Reserves
Retained Earnings
Effective portion of Cash Flow Hedges
differences on translating the financial statements of foreign operations
Total
Controlling Interests
Equity
Total comprehensive income for the year---2,346.87(13.58)146.752,480.04-2,480.04Premium received on allotment of shares / Exercise of Share Options8.34(8.34)??????Deferred employee compensation expense??9.12???9.12?9.12Issue of Bonus Shares(34.07)(34.07)(34.07)Impact on account of Hyperinflation for the year4.974.974.97Expenses on Issue of Bonus Shares(0.75)(0.75)(0.75)Dividends???(1,226.52)??(1,226.52)?(1,226.52)Dividend Distribution Tax (DDT)???(252.11)??(252.11)?(252.11)Revaluation of put option liability???(6.16)??(6.16)?(6.16)Balance as at March 31, 20191,398.04154.0513.965,569.13(5.89)35.417,164.70-7,164.70The accompanying notes 1 to 58 are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.As per our report of even date attachedFor and on behalf of the BoardFor B S R & Co. LLPChartered AccountantsFirm Regn No. 101248W/W?100022Nisaba Godrej Executive Chairperson DIN: 00591503Vijay MathurV SrinivasanVivek GambhirPartnerChief Financial OfficerManaging Director & CEOM. No. 046476& Company SecretaryDIN: 6527810Mumbai: May 3, 2019
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2019
1) CORPORATE INFORMATION Godrej Consumer Products Limited (the Company) was incorporated on November 29, 2000, to take over the consumer products business of Godrej Soaps Limited (subsequently renamed as Godrej Industries Limited), pursuant to a Scheme of Arrangement as approvedby the High Court, Mumbai. The Company along?with its subsidiaries, associate and joint venture is a fast moving Consumer Goods company, manufacturing and marketing Household and Personal Care products. The Company is apublic company limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled  in India and is listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The Company’s registered  office is at 4th Floor, Godrej One, Pirojshanagar, Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli (east), Mumbai– 400 079. These Consolidated financial  statements  comprise the Company and its subsidiaries (referred to collectively as the ‘Group’) and the Group’s interest in an associate and a joint venture.2) BASIS OF PREPARATION, MEASUREMENT AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES2.1 Basis of preparation and measurementa. Basis of preparationThe Consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) as notified by Ministry of Corporate Affairs pursuant to Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended from time to time.
The Consolidated financial statements were authorized for issue by the Company’s Board of Directors on May 3, 2019.Current versus non-current classificationAll assets and liabilities have been classified as current  or non? current as per the Group’s normal operating cycle and other criteria set out in the Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013. Based on the nature of products and the timetaken between acquisition of assets for processing and their realization in cash and cash equivalents, the Group has ascertained its operating cycle as twelve months for the purpose of classification of assets and liabilities into current and non? current.b. Basis of measurementThese Consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the following assets and liabilities which have been measured at fair value or revalued amounts:• Certain financial assets and liabilities (including derivative instruments) measured at fair value [refer accounting policy regarding financial instruments ? Note 2.5.(f)]• Defined benefit plans ? plan assets and share based payments measured at fair value [Note 2.5(i)]• Assets held for sale ? measured at lower of carrying value or fair value less cost to sell[Note 2.5 (e)]c. Principles of consolidationThe Company consolidates all the entities which are controlled by it.The Company establishes control when, it has the power over
the entity, is exposed or has  rights to variable return from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect the entity’s returns by using its power over relevant activities of the entity.Entities controlled by the Company are consolidated from the date control commences until the date control ceases.All inter?company transactions, balances and income and expenses are eliminated in full on consolidation.Changes in the Company’s interests in subsidiaries that  do not result in a loss of control are accounted as equity transactions. The carrying amount of the Company’s interest and non? controlling interest are adjusted to reflect the change in their relative interest in the subsidiaries. Any difference between the amount at which the non? controlling interest are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognized directly in equity and attributed to shareholders of the Company.Investments in associate and joint venture are accounted using equity method. They are initiallyrecognized at cost which includes transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the consolidated financial statements includes Group’s share of profit or loss and OCI of equity accounted investees until the date on which significant influence or joint control ceases.d. Business combination and goodwillThe Group accounts for its business combinations under acquisition method of accounting. Acquisition related costs are recognized in the Consolidated statement of profit and loss
as incurred. The acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities that meet the condition for recognition arerecognized at their fair value at the acquisition date.Purchase consideration paid in excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired is recognizedas goodwill. Where the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities exceeds the cost of acquisition after reassessing sale values of the net assets andcontingent liabilities, the excess is recognized as capital reserve.The interest of non?controlling shareholders is initially measured either at fair value or at non? controlling interest’s proportionate share of acquiree’s identifiable net assets at the date of acquisition. The choice of measurement basis is made on an acquisition by acquisition basis. Subsequent to acquisition, the carrying  amount of non?controlling interests isthe amount of those interests at initial recognition plus thenon?controlling interest’s share of subsequent changes in equity of subsidiaries.Business combinations arising from transfer of interests in entities that are under common control are accounted at historical cost. The difference betweenany consideration given and the aggregate historical carrying amounts of assets and liabilities of the acquired entity are recorded in capital reserve.e. Classification of Argentina as a hyperinflationary economyThe Argentinian economy was designated as hyperinflationary from 1 July 2018. As a result, application of Ind AS 29 ‘Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies’ has been appliedfor the first time to the Group’s subsidiaries whose functional
currency is the Argentinian Peso. Ind AS 29 requires that adjustments are applicable from the start of the group’s reportingperiod i.e. from 1st April 2018. IndAS 21, “The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates”, does not require prior period comparatives to be restated due to hyperinflation, consequently, the comparative numbers for such entities are the same as reported in Consolidated financial statements of previous periods.The effect of retranslation of Equity share capital, securities premium and other reserves due to hyperinflation has been  recorded in the Foreign currency translation reserve.The application of Ind AS 29 includes:• Adjustment of historical cost non?monetary assets and liabilities for the change in purchasing power caused by inflation from the date of initial recognition to the balance sheet date;• Adjustment of the income statement for inflation during the reporting period;• Translation of the income statement at the closing rate instead of an average rate; and• Adjustment of the income statement to reflect the impact of inflation and exchange rate movement on holding monetary assets and liabilities in local currency.The main effects on the Group Consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2019 are:• Net assets increased by` 36.51 crore mainly due to restatement of property, plant and equipment,
intangible assets,  deferred tax assets and inventories, with corresponding increase in Total equity as at March 31, 2019;• Opening retained profit decreased by ` 13.50 crore reflecting the impact of adjusting the historical cost of non?monetary assets andliabilities from the date of their initial recognition to 1st April 2018 for the effect of inflation;• Total Revenue from operations is reduced by` 21.26 crore;• Profit after tax is reduced by` 9.09 crore; and• A net monetary gain of ` 0.16 crore (grouped under finance cost) is recognised fromthe inflation and exchange rate movements in the year on the net monetary items held in Argentinian Peso and adjustment to income statement.2.2 Key estimates and assumptions In preparing these Consolidated financial statements, management has made judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, disclosure of contingent liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.The areas involving critical estimates or judgements are:i. Determination of the estimated useful lives of tangible assets and the assessment as to which components of the cost may be capitalized; [Note 2.5(a)]ii. Determination of the estimated useful lives
of intangible assets and determining intangible assets having an indefinite useful life; [Note 2.5 (b)]iii. Recognition and measurement of defined benefit obligations, key actuarial assumptions; [Note 45]iv. Recognition of deferred tax assets, availability of future taxable profit against which tax losses carried forward and MAT credit can be used; [Note 2.5 (n)]v. Recognition and measurement of provisions and contingencies, key assumptions about the likelihood and magnitude of an outflow of resources;[Note 2.5 (j)]vi. Fair valuation of employee share options, Key assumptions made with respect to expected volatility; [Note 2.5 (I)]vii. Rebates and sales incentives accruals [Note 2.5 (k)]viii. Fair value of financial instruments [Note 2.3]ix. Impairment of Goodwill [Note 2.5 (b)]x. Impairment of financial and non?financial assets [Note 2.5(d) and (f)]2.3 Measurement of fair  values The Group’s accounting policies and disclosures require certain financial and non?financial assets and liabilities to be measured at fair values.The Group has an established control framework with  respect to the measurement of fair values. The Group uses valuationtechniques that are appropriate in
the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.The management regularly reviews significant unobservable  inputs and valuation adjustments. If third party information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to measure fair values, then themanagement assesses the evidence obtained from the third parties to support the conclusion that such valuations meet the requirementsof Ind AS, including the level in the fair value hierarchy in which such valuations should be classified.Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation techniques as follows.Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1  that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).If the inputs used to measure the fair value of an asset or a liability fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy, then the fair value measurement is categorised in its  entirely  in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement.The Group recognises transfers between levels of the fair value
hierarchy at the end of the reporting period during which the change has occurred.Further information about the assumptions made in measuring fair value is included in the (Note 2.5.f).2.4 Standards issued but not yet effectiveIND AS 116: LeasesOn March 30, 2019, Ministry of Corporate Affairs has notified Ind AS 116, Leases. Ind AS 116 will replace Ind AS 17 Leases and related Interpretations and will be effective from April 1, 2019.The Standard sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both parties to a contract i.e., the lessee and the lessor. Ind AS 116 introduces a single, on?balance sheet lessee accounting model and requires a lessee to recognize assets and liabilities for all leases with a term of more than 12 months, unless the underlying asset is of short term or low value.The standard allows two approaches of transition – 1) Full retrospective, 2) Modified retrospective.In full retrospective approach, the effect of applying the standard is recognized in each prior period retrospectively. In case of modified retrospective approach, the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard is recognized on thedate of transition in the financial statements.Under modified retrospective approach, the lessee records the lease liability as the present value of the remaining lease payments, discounted at the incremental borrowing rate and the right of use asset as if the standard had been
applied since the commencement date, but discounted at lessee’s incremental borrowing rate atthe date of initial application with some exceptions allowed under practical expedients.The Group is proposing to use ‘Modified RetrospectiveApproach’ for transition to Ind AS 116 along with certain available practical expedients and record the cumulative adjustment to retained earnings on the date of initial application i.e. April 1, 2019. Accordingly, comparatives for the year ended March 31, 2019 will not be retrospectively adjusted.The Group has completed its preliminary evaluation of possible impact of Ind AS 116.Based on the preliminary evaluation, the effect of adoption on the new standard will mainly result in an increase in right of use asset by approximately `51.50 crores, an increase in lease liability by approximately ` 53.70 crores, decrease in prepaid lease rental by approximately ` 2.50 crores and adjustment to retained earnings by approximately ` 4.70 crores.Ind AS 12 Income Taxes: Appendix C – Uncertainty over Income Tax TreatmentsThis interpretation, which will be effective from April 1, 2019, clarifies how entities shouldevaluate and reflect uncertainties over income tax treatments, in particular when assessing the outcome a tax authority might reach with full knowledge and information if it were to make an examination. This amendment is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company’s Consolidated financial statements based on currently available information.2.5 
Significant Accounting Policiesa. Property, Plant and EquipmentRecognition and measurement Items of property, plant and equipment, other than Freehold Land, are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Freehold land is carried at cost.The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price, including import duties and non?refundable purchase taxes, after deducting trade discounts and rebates,any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition for its intended use and estimated costs of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the item and restoring the site on which it is located.If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then they are accounted for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.Any gain or loss on derecognition of an item of property, plantand equipment is included in profit or loss when the item is derecognised.Subsequent expenditure Subsequent costs are included in the assets carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset,as appropriate only if it is probable that the future economic benefits associated with the item will flow  to the Group and the cost of the item can be reliably measured. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is derecognized when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit and loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.
DepreciationDepreciation is provided, under the Straight Line Method, pro rata to the period of use, based on useful lives specified in Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013, except the following items where useful lives estimated by the management based on internal technical assessment, past trends and expected operational lives differ from those provided in Schedule II of the Companies Act 2013:• Leasehold land is amortised equally over the lease period.• Leasehold Improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the unexpired period of  the lease and the estimated useful life of the assets.• Office Equipments are depreciated over 5 to 10 years.• Tools are depreciated over a period of 9 years, and dies and moulds over 3 years.• Vehicles are depreciated over a period ranging from 5 years to 8 years depending on the use of vehicles.• In some of the subsidiaries, useful lives are estimated to be lower or higher as compared to useful livesdefined in Schedule II of the Companies Act 2013 for certain class of assets due to different geographical environment.Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.b. Goodwill and other Intangible AssetsIntangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost
of intangible assets acquired in a business combination is their fair value at the date of acquisition. Following initial recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less anyaccumulated amortization (where applicable) and accumulated impairment losses. Internally generated intangibles, excluding eligible development costs  are not capitalized and the related expenditure is reflected in profit and loss in the period in which the expenditure is incurred.The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as either finite or indefinite.GoodwillGoodwill on acquisition of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it  is  tested for impairment annually or morefrequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.Other intangible assetsIntangible assets with  definite lives are amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortization method and period are reviewed  at the end of each reporting period. Changes in the expected useful life or expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the assets are considered to modify amortization period or method,as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting estimates.Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortised, but are tested for impairment
annually. The assessment of indefinite life is reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life continues to be supportable. If not, the change in useful life from indefinite to finite is made on a prospective basis.Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognized.Amortisation of other intangible assetsAmortisation is calculated to write off the cost of intangible assets less their estimated residual values using the straight?line method over their estimated useful lives, and is generally recognised in profitor loss.The estimated useful lives for current and comparative periods are as follows:Software licences	6 yearsTrademarks	10 years Technical knowhow	10 yearsTrademarks acquired are amortised equally over the best estimate of their useful life not exceeding a period of 10 years, except in the case of Soft & Gentle, Non?Valon brands like Pride, Climax, Odonil, Supalite, Twilite, Lavik, Peurex, Corawwi and Simba brands where the brands are amortised equally over a period of 20 years.Brands like Goodknight, Hit, SON, Pamela Grant and Millefiori are assessed as intangibles having indefinite useful life and are not amortised in the Consolidated financial statements, but are tested for impairment annually.
Residual value, is estimated to be immaterial by management and hence has been considered at ` 1.c. Borrowing CostInterest and other borrowing costs attributable to qualifying  assets are capitalized. Other interest and borrowing costs are chargedto revenue.d. Impairment of Non-Financial AssetsGoodwill and intangible  assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortization and are tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired.Other non?financial (except for inventories and deferred tax assets) assets are assessed at the end of each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment.An impairment loss is recognised whenever the carrying value of an asset or a cash?generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount. Recoverable amount of an asset or a cash?generating unit is	the higher of its fair value less costsof disposal and its value in use. An impairment loss, if any, is recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss inthe period in which the impairment takes place. The impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill(if any) allocated to the cash generating unit and then to the other assets of the unit, pro?rata based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit.An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not subsequently reversed. In respect of otherassets for which impairment loss has been recognised in prior periods, the Group reviews at each reporting date whether there is any indication that the loss has
decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. Such areversal is made only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, if no impairment loss had been recognised.e. Assets held for saleNon?current assets or disposal comprising of assets and liabilities are classified as ‘held for sale’ when all of the following criteria’s are met (i) decision has been made to sell (ii) the assets are available for immediate sale in its present condition (iii) the assets are being actively marketed and (iv) sale has been agreed or is expected to be conducted within 12 months of the Balance Sheet date.Subsequently, such non?current assets and disposal groups classified as held for saleare measured at lower of its carrying value and fair value less costs to sell. Losses on initial classification as held for sale and subsequent gains and losses on re?measurement are recognised in profit and loss. Non?current assets held for sale are not depreciated or amortised.f. Financial InstrumentsA financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.Financial instruments also include derivative contracts such as foreign currency foreign exchange forward contracts, interest rate swaps and futures.Financial assets Initial recognition and measurementAll financial assets are recognised
initially at fair value plus, in the case of financial assets not recorded at fair value through profit or loss,  transaction costs that are attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within a timeframe established by regulation or convention in the market place (regular way trades) arerecognised on the trade date, i.e., the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.Subsequent measurementFor the purpose of subsequent measurement, financial assets are classified in four categories:• Financial assets at amortised cost,• Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)• Financial assets at fair value through profit (FVTPL)• Equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)on the basis of its business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset.Financial assets at amortised cost• A financial asset is measured at the amortised cost if both the following conditions are met. The asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold  assets for collecting contractual cash flows, and Contractualterms of the asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding.
After initial measurement, such financial assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate (EIR) method. Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs thatare an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortization is included in finance income in the profit or loss. The losses arising from impairment are recognised in the profit or loss. This category generally applies to trade and other receivables.Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)A debt instrument is measured at FVOCI if it means both of the following conditions and is not designated as at FVTPL- the asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets; and- the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in the investment’s fair value in OCI (designated as FVOCI– equity investment). This election is made on an investment?by? investment basis.Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL) A financial asset, which does not meet the criteria for categorization as at amortised cost or as FVOCI, is classified as at FVTPL. This includes all derivative financial assets.
In addition, the Group may, at initial recognition, irrevocably designate a financial asset, which otherwise meets amortisedcost or FVOCI criteria, as at FVTPL. However, such election is allowed only if doing so reduces  or eliminates a measurement or recognition inconsistency (referred to as ‘accounting mismatch’).Financial assets included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes recognized in the profit and loss.All equity investments within the scope of Ind?AS 109 are measured at fair value. Equity instruments which are held for trading are classified as at FVTPL. For all other equity instruments, the Group decides to classify  the same either as at FVOCI or FVTPL. The Group makes such election on an instrument?by?instrument basis. The classification is made on initial recognition and is irrevocable.If the Group decides to classify  an equity instrument as at FVOCI, then all fair value changes on the instrument, excluding dividends, are recognized in the other comprehensive income. There is no recycling of the amounts from other comprehensive income to profit and loss, even on sale of investment. However, the Group may transfer the cumulative gain or loss within equity.Equity instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes recognized in the profit and loss.DerecognitionA financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or a part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e. removed from the Group’s balance sheet) when:• 
The contractual rights to receive cash flows from the financial asset have expired, or• The Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a ‘pass?through’ arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards ofthe asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially  all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset. When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass?through arrangement, it evaluatesif and to what extent it has retained the risks andrewards of ownership. When it has neither transferrednor retained  substantially all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor transferred control of the asset, theGroup continues to recognise the transferred asset tothe extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basisthat reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.
Impairment of financial assets The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the Expected Credit Losses (ECL) associated withits financial assets that are debt instruments and are carried at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.For trade receivables, the Group applies a simplified approach.It recognises impairment loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date, right from its initial recognition. Trade receivables are tested for impairment on a specific basis after considering the sanctioned credit limits, security deposit collected etc. and expectations about future cash flows.Financial liabilities Initial recognition and measurementFinancial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss or at amortised cost.A financial liability is classified  at FVTPL if it is classified as held for trading or as derivatives designated as hedginginstruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate. Such liabilities, including derivatives that are liabilities, shall be subsequently measured at fair value and net gains and losses including any interest expenses are recognised in profit or loss.In the case of loans and borrowings and payables, these are measured at amortised cost and recorded, net of directly attributable and incremental transaction cost. Gains and losses are recognised in Consolidated statement of profit and loss when the liabilities are derecognizedas well as through the EIR amortization process.
Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisitionand fees or costs that are an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortization is included asfinance costs in the Consolidated statement of profit and loss.The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, loans and borrowings including bank overdrafts, financial guarantee contracts and derivative financial instruments.DerecognitionA financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms,  or the terms of an existing liability  are substantially modified,  such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of theoriginal liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amountsis recognised in the Consolidated statement of profit or loss.Financial guarantee contracts Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are those contracts that require specified payments to be made to reimburse the holder for a loss  it incurs because the specified debtor fails to make a payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. Financial guarantee contracts are recognised initially as a liability at fair value, adjusted fortransaction costs that are directly attributable to the issuance  of the guarantee. Subsequently, the liability is measured at the higher of the amount of loss allowance determined as per impairment requirements of Ind?AS 109 and the amount recognised less cumulative amortization.
Offsetting of financial instrumentsFinancial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle ona net basis, or to to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.g. Derivative financial instruments and hedge accountingThe Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts, futures and interest rate swaps, to hedge its foreign currency risks and interest rate risks respectively. Such derivative financial instrumentsare initially recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently re?measured atfair value. Derivatives are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as financial liabilities when the fair value is negative.Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of derivatives are taken directly to profit and loss, except for the effective portion of cash flow hedges, which is recognized in other comprehensive income and later reclassified to profit and loss when the hedged item affects profit or loss or treated as basis adjustment if a hedged forecast transaction subsequently results in the recognition of a non?financial asset or non?financial liability.At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to whichthe Group wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management objective andstrategy for undertaking the hedge. The documentation includes the
Group risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge, the hedging economic relationship the hedged item or transaction the nature of the risk being hedged, hedge ration and how the entity will assess the effectiveness of changes in the hedging instrument’s fair value in offsetting the exposure to changes in hedged item’s fair value or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. Such hedges are expectedto be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows and are assessed on an ongoing basis to  determine that they actually have been highly effective throughout the financial reporting periods for which they are designated.Cash flow hedgesWhen a derivative is designed as a cash flow hedging instrument, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is recognized inother comprehensive income and accumulated in the other equity under ‘effective portion of cash flow hedges’. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative that is recognized in other comprehensive income is limited to the cumulative  change in fair value of the hedged item, determined on a present value basis, from inception of the hedge. Any ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is recognized immediately in profit or loss.If a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting or the hedging instrument issold, expires, is terminated or is exercised, the hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively.When hedge accounting for a cash flow hedge is discontinued, the amount the has been accumulated in other equity remains there until is reclassified to profit and loss account in the same period or
periods as the hedged expected future cash flows affect profit or loss. If the hedged future cash flows are no longer expected to occur, then the amounts that have been accumulated in other equity are immediately reclassified to profit or loss.h. InventoriesInventories are valued at lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make thesale. Costs are computed on the weighted average basis and are net of recoverable tax credits.Raw materials, Packing materials and Stores: Costs includes cost of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing each product to its present location and condition.Finished goods and work? in?progress: In the case ofmanufactured inventories and work?in?progress, cost includes all costs of purchases, an appropriate share of production overheads based on normal operating capacity and other costs incurred in bringing each product to its present location and condition.Finished goods valuation also includes excise duty (to the extent applicable). Provision is made for cost of obsolescence and other anticipated losses, whenever considered necessary.If payment for inventory is deferred beyond normal credit terms then cost is determined by discounting the future cash flows at an interest rate determined with referenceto market rates. The difference between the total cost and the deemed cost is recognised as interest expense over the period of financing under the effective interest method.i. 
Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet includes cash at bank and on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short term highly liquid investments, with original maturities less than three months which are readily convertible into cash and which are subject to insignificant risk of changes in value.For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents as defined above is net of outstanding bank overdrafts as they are considered an integral part of the Group’s cash management.j. Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent AssetsA provision is recognised when the enterprise has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a resultof a past event and it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation, in respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. These are reviewed at each balance sheet date and adjusted to reflect the current management estimates.If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as finance cost.Contingent Liabilities are disclosed in respect of possible obligations that arise from past events but their existence is confirmed bythe occurrence or non?occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group.A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events
and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non?occurrence of one  or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the entity. Contingent Assets are not recognised till the realization of the income is virtually certain.However, the same are disclosed in the financial statements where an inflow of economic benefits is probable.k. Revenue RecognitionEffective April 1, 2018, the Group adopted Ind AS 115 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”. The effect on adoption of IND AS 115 is insignificant.Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised goods to customers for an amount that  reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those goods. Revenue excludes taxes or duties collected on behalf of the governmentSale of goodsRevenue from sale of goods is recognized when control ofgoods are transferred to the buyer which is generally on delivery for domestic sales and on dispatch/ delivery for export salesThe Group recognizes revenues on the sale of products, netof returns, discounts (sales incentives/rebates), amounts collected on behalf of third parties (such as GST) and payments or other consideration given to the customer that has impacted the pricing of the transaction.Accumulated experience is used to estimate and accrue for the discounts (using the most likely method) and returns considering the terms of the underlying schemes and agreements with the customers. No element of financing is deemed present as the sales are made with normal
credit days consistent with market practice. A liability is recognised where payments are received from customers before transferring control of the goods being sold.Royalty & Technical Fees Royalty is recognized on accrual basis in accordance with the substance of the relevant agreement.Interest incomeFor all debt instruments measured at amortised cost, interest income is recorded using the effective interest rate (EIR). EIR is therate which exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset. When calculating the EIR the Group estimates the expected cash flows by considering allthe contractual terms of the financial instrument (for example, prepayments, extensions,call and similar options). The expected credit losses are considered if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition.Dividend incomeDividends are recognised in profit or loss on the date on which the Group’s right to receive payment is established.l. Employee Benefiti. Short-term Employee benefits Liabilities for wages and salaries including non?monetary benefits that are expected to be settled wholly within twelve months after the end of the period in which  the employees render the related service are classified as short term employee benefits and are recognized as an expense in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised
for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by theemployee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.ii. Share-based paymentsThe cost of equity settled transactions is determined by the fair value at the grant date. The fair value of the employee share options is based on the Black Scholes model.The grant?date fair value of equity?settled share?based payment granted to employees is recognised as an expense, with a corresponding increase in equity, over the vesting period of the awards. The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awardsfor which the related service and non?market performance conditions are  expected  to be met, such that the amountultimately recognised is based on the number of awards that meet the related service and non? market performance conditions at the vesting date. For share?based payment awards with non?vesting conditions, the grant?date fair value of the share?based payment is measured to reflect such conditions and there is no true?up for differences between expected and actual outcomes.The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of diluted earnings per share.iii. Post-Employment BenefitsDefined Contribution Plans Payments made to a defined contribution plan such as Provident Fund maintained with Regional Provident Fund Office and Superannuation Fund are charged as an expense in the
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss as they fall due.Defined Benefit Plans Gratuity FundThe Company has an obligationtowards gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan covering eligible employees. Gratuity is payable to all eligible employees on death or on separation/termination in terms of the provisions of the payment  of the Gratuity (Amendment) Act, 1997 or as per the Company’s scheme whichever is more beneficial to the employees.Provident FundProvident Fund Contributions which are made to a Trust administered by the  Company are considered as Defined Benefit Plans. The interest rate payable to the members of the Trust shall not be lower than the statutory rate of interest declared by the Central Government under the Employees Provident Fundsand Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 or as applicable in therespective geography and shortfall, if any, shall be made good by the Company. The Company’s liability towards interest shortfall, if any, is actuarially determined at the year end.The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating the amount offuture benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods, discounting that amount and deducting the fair value of any plan assets.The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed bya qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method. When the calculation results in a potential asset for the Group, the recognised asset is limitedto the present value of economic
benefits available in the form of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan. To calculate the present value of economic benefits, consideration is given to any applicable minimum funding requirements.Re?measurement of the net defined benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan assets (excluding interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling (if any,excluding interest), are recognised immediately in the balance sheet with a corresponding debit or  credit to retained earnings through other comprehensive income  in the period in which they occur. Re? measurements are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.Net interest expense (income) on the net defined liability (assets) is computed by applying the discount rate, used to measure the net defined liability (asset),to the net defined liability (asset) at the start of the financial year after taking into account any changes as a result of contribution and benefit payments during the year. Net interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognised in profit or loss.When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan iscurtailed, the resulting change in benefit that relates to past service or the gain or loss on curtailment  is recognised immediately in profit or loss. The Group recognises gains and losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan when the settlement occurs.iv. Other Long Term Employee BenefitsThe liabilities for earned leaves are not expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of
the period in which the employees render the related service. They are therefore measured as the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect  of services provided by employees upto the end of the reporting period using the projected unit credit method based on actuarial valuation.Actuarial gains and losses in respect of such benefits are charged to the Consolidated Statement Profit or Loss account in the period in which they arise.m. LeasesLease paymentsThe determination of whether an arrangement is (or contains) a lease is based on the substance of the arrangement at the inception ofthe lease. The arrangement is, or contains a lease if fulfillment of the arrangement is dependent on the use of a specific asset or assets and the arrangement conveys a right to use the asset or assets, even if that right is not explicitly specified in the arrangement.As a lesseeLeases of assets where the Group has substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as finance leases. Minimum lease payments made under finance leases areapportioned between the finance charge and the reduction of the outstanding liability. The finance charge is allocated to each period during the lease term so as to produce a constant periodicrate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability.The leased assets are measured initially at an amount equal to the lower of their fair value and the present value of the minimum lease payments. Subsequent to initial recognition, the assets are accounted for in accordance with
the accounting policy applicable to that asset.Leases of assets under which significant portion of the risks and rewards of  ownership are retained by the lessor areclassified as operating leases. Lease payments under operating leases are recognised as an expense on a straight?line basis over the lease term unless the payments are structured  to increase in line with expected general inflation to compensate for the lessor’s expected inflationary cost increases. Lease incentives received are recognised as an integral part of the total lease expense, over the term of the lease.As lessorLeases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases. Rental incomefrom operating lease is recognized on a straight line basis over the term of the relevant lease unless such payments are structuredto increase in line with expected general inflation to compensate for the lessor’s expected inflationary cost increase.n. Income TaxIncome tax expense / income comprises current tax expense income and deferred tax expense/ income. It is recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity or in other comprehensive income. In which case, the tax is also recognized directly in equity or other comprehensive income, respectively.Current TaxCurrent tax comprises the expected tax payable or recoverable on the taxable profit or loss for the year and any adjustment to the tax payable or
recoverable in respect of previous years. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretations and establishes provisions where appropriate.• Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if, the Group has a legallyenforceable right to set off the recognised amounts; and• Intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.Deferred TaxDeferred Income tax is recognized in respect of temporary difference between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purpose and the amount considered for taxation purpose.Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against  which they can be utilized. Deferredtax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow the benefit of part or all of that deferred tax asset to be utilized.Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and recognised to the extent that it has become probablethat future taxable profits will be available against which they can be recovered.Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be
applied to temporary differences when they reverse, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.The measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at thereporting date, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.Deferred tax liabilities are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount and tax base of investments in subsidiaries,branches, associates and interest in joint arrangements where the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if:i. the entity has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities; andii. the deferred tax assets and the deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on the same taxable entity.Deferred tax asset / liabilities in respect of temporary differences which originate and reverse during the tax holiday period are not recognised. Deferred tax assets / liabilities in respect of temporary differences that originate during the tax holiday period but reverse after the tax holiday period are recognised.Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT) credit is recognized as an asset only when and to the extent there
is a convincing evidence that the Group will pay normal tax during the specified period.o. Foreign Currency Transactions and Translationi. Functional and Presentation currencyThe Consolidated financial statements are prepared in Indian Rupees (INR “`”) which is also  the Parent Company’s functional currency.ii. Transactions and balances Foreign currency transactions are recorded on initial recognition in the functional currency using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non?monetary items that are  measured  based on historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the initial transaction. Non?monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the  exchange rate at the date the fair value is determined.Exchange differences arising  on the settlement or translation of monetary items are recognized in profit or loss in the year in which they arise except for the qualifying cash flow hedge, which are recognized in other comprehensive income to the extent that the hedges are effective. Tax chargesand credits attributable to exchange differences on these  monetary items are also recorded in other comprehensive income, qualifying cash flow hedge to the extent that the hedges are effective.In respect of non?monetary items, where a gain or loss is recognized
in other comprehensive income as required by other Ind AS, the exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognized in other comprehensive income.Group CompaniesOn consolidation, the assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into INR at the rate of exchange prevailing at the reporting date and their statements of profit and lossare translated at average rate during the year. The exchange differences arising on translation for consolidation are recognized in other comprehensive income.When a foreign operation is disposed of in its entirety or partially such that control, significant influence or  joint control is lost, the cumulative amount of exchange differences related to that foreign operations recognized in OCI is reclassified to Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal.Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amount of assets and liabilities arising on the acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate of exchange at the reporting datep. Government grants Government grants, including non?monetary grants at fair value are recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the
grants will be received and the Group will comply with all the attached conditions.When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.Government grants relating to purchase of property, plantand equipment are included in non?current liabilities as deferred income and are credited to the profit and loss on a straight line basis over the expected lives of the related assets.q. DividendThe Group recognises a liability for any dividend declared but not distributed at the end  of the reporting period, when the distribution is authorised and the distribution is no longer atthe discretion of the Group on or before the end of the reporting period. A corresponding amount is recognized directly in equity.r. Earnings Per ShareBasic Earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit or loss for the period attributable to the equity shareholders  by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period.For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per  share, the profit or loss for the period attributable to the equityshareholders and the weighted
average number of equity shares outstanding during the period is adjusted to take into account:• The after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential equity shares, and• Weighted average number of additional equity shares that would have been outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares.s. Segment ReportingOperating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker (CODM) as defined in Ind AS? 108 ‘Operating Segments’ forallocating resources and assessing performance. The Group has identified geographical segments as its reporting segments  based on the CODM approach. Refer Note 54 in the Consolidated financial statements for additional disclosures on segment reporting.t. Exceptional ItemsIn certain cases when, the size, type or incidence of an item of income or expenses, pertaining to the ordinary activities of the Group is such that its  disclosureimproves the understanding of the performance of the Group, such income or expense is classifiedas an exceptional item and accordingly, disclosed in the notes accompanying the Consolidated financial statements.
NOTE 3 : PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT	` CroreOwned Assets	Assets given onlease
Particulars
Freehold Land
Leasehold Buildings Land
  Leasehold Improvements
 Plant and Equipment
Furniture and
Vehicles
  Office	Computers   Building   Vehicles	Total Equipment

NOTE 3 : PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT	` CroreOwned Assets	Assets given onlease
Particulars
Freehold Land
Leasehold Buildings Land
  Leasehold Improvements
 Plant and Equipment
Furniture and
Vehicles
  Office	Computers   Building   Vehicles	Total Equipment
Refer Note 55 for property, plant and equipment pledged as security against borrowings.# Ind AS 29 “Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies’’ has been applied to the Group’s entities with a functional currency of Argentina Peso for the year ended  31 March 2019. Ind AS 21 “The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates” has been applied to translate the financial statements of such entities for consolidation. Ind AS 21 does not require prior year comparatives to be restated due to hyperinflation, consequently, the comparative numbers for such entities are the same as reported in  the consolidated financial results of previous periods. Refer Note 2.I (e) for impact of these standards.
NOTE 4 : INTANGIBLE ASSETS	` CroreOther Intangible assets
   Goodwill (Refer Note 53)
Trademarks and Brands *
Computer Software
Technical Knowhow
Total Other Intangible assets
Year ended March 31, 2019Opening Gross carrying amount4,718.872,524.60106.861.852,633.31Hyperinflation restatement as on 1st April 2018 #?4.113.90?8.01Additions??11.33?11.33Disposals?(134.02)(5.29)(1.75)(141.06)Hyperinflationary adjustment #?3.214.39?7.60Other Adjustments (consist of exchange difference on translation of foreign operations)199.16116.53(2.33)?114.20Closing Gross Carrying Amount4,918.032,514.43118.860.102,633.39Accumulated AmortisationOpening Accumulated Amortization?63.6039.140.80103.54Hyperinflation restatement as on 1st April 2018 #2.493.485.97Amortisation recognised for the year?21.3017.360.1738.83Additional amortization due to hyperinflation #?0.700.40?1.10Disposals?(78.07)(2.94)(0.87)(81.88)Hyperinflationary adjustment #?1.933.02?4.95Other Adjustments (consist of exchange difference on translation of foreign operations)?0.580.36?0.94Closing Accumulated Amortisation-12.5360.820.1073.45Net Carrying Amount4,918.032,501.9058.04-2,559.94Year ended March 31, 2018Opening Gross carrying amount4,662.562,458.7867.061.852,527.69Additions?28.9840.67?69.65Disposals??(0.02)?(0.02)Other Adjustments (consist of exchange difference on translation of foreign operations)56.3136.84(0.85)?35.99Closing Gross Carrying Amount4,718.872,524.60106.861.852,633.31Accumulated AmortisationOpening Accumulated Amortisation28.7620.660.5249.94Amortisation recognised for the year?25.3419.030.7245.09Disposals?????Other Adjustments (consist of exchange difference on translation of foreign operations)?9.50(0.55)(0.44)8.51Closing Accumulated Amortisation-63.6039.140.80103.54Net Carrying Amount4,718.872,461.0067.721.052,529.77NOTE :* Includes trademarks / brands amounting to ` 2,196.22 crore (Mar-31-2018 : ` 2,130.64 crore) that have an indefinite life and are tested for impairment at every year end. Based on analysis of all relevant factors (brand establishment, stability, types of obsolescence etc.), there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the assets are expected to generate net cash inflows for the Company.# Ind AS 29 “Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies’’ has been applied to the Group’s entities with a functional currency of Argentina Peso for the year ended 31 March 2019. Ind AS 21 “The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates” has been applied to translate the financial statements of such entities for consolidation. Ind AS 21 does not require prior year comparatives to be restated due to hyperinflation, consequently, the comparative numbers for such entities are the same as reported in the consolidated financial results of previous periods. Refer Note 2.I (e) for impact of these standards.
NOTE 5 : INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES	` CroreNumbers	Amounts
Unquoted, fully paid up:Carried at cost(a) Investments in Equity Instruments of Associate Company
Face Value   
As at March 31, 2019   
As at March 31, 2018   
As at March 31, 2019   
As at March 31, 2018
Bhabhani Blunt Hairdressing Pvt. Ltd.	` 10	4,967	5,546	22.67	24.32(b) Investments in Compulsorily Convertible Debentures of Associate CompanyBhabhani Blunt Hairdressing Pvt. Ltd.	` 10	3,060	3,060	12.00	12.00TOTAL	34.67	36.32Note:The Group’s interest in associate is accounted for using the equity method in the Consolidated Financial Statements.NOTE 6 : OTHER INVESTMENTS (NON-CURRENT)	` CroreAmounts     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Unquoted, fully paid up:At Amortised CostInvestments in Deposits with Non?Banking Financial Companies-20.54Quoted, fully paid up:At Amortised CostInvestments in Non?convertible Debentures with Non?Banking Financial Companies-84.66TOTAL-105.20Aggregate Amount of Unquoted Investments-20.54Aggregate Amount of Quoted Investments-84.66Aggregate Market Value of Quoted Investments-84.79NOTE 7 : LOANS (NON-CURRENT)` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Unsecured, Considered Good, Unless Otherwise StatedSecurity Deposits18.5318.67Others0.240.20TOTAL18.7718.87NOTE 8 : OTHER NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Fixed Deposits with maturity of more than 12 months (under lien against Bank Guarantees)-0.07Others (includes sundry deposits)5.779.50TOTAL5.779.57NOTE 9 : INCOME TAXESA	Income tax expense consists of the following:i	Tax expense recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Current Tax:Current tax on profits for the year (net of MAT credit utilised)417.90402.46Deferred tax (net)(64.23)2.24MAT credit recognised(634.58)?MAT credit utilised24.71?Total income tax expense(256.20)404.70
ii	Current Tax and Deferred Tax related to items recognised in Other Comprehensive Income during the year :` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018On remeasurements of defined benefit plans(0.21)(2.63)TOTAL(0.21)(2.63)B	Reconciliation of tax expense and the accounting profitThe reconciliation between estimated income tax expense at statutory income tax rate and income tax expense reported in Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss is given below:` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Profit Before Tax2,085.332,038.88Statutory Income tax rate29.90%28.96%Expected income tax expense623.60590.37Tax effect of adjustments to reconcile expected Income Tax Expense to reported Income Tax Expense:Deduction under Sec 80IC & 80IE of Indian Income Tax Act, 1961(168.12)(223.05)Effect of other tax offsets1.66(0.03)Tax impact of income not subject to tax(59.93)(48.45)Tax effects of amounts which are not deductible for taxable income8.6912.43Additional tax paid on book profits-58.31MAT Credit recognised(634.58)?Tax benefit in respect of intangible assets(98.03)?Deferred Tax Asset not recognised on losses57.7426.24Others12.77(11.12)Total income tax expense(256.20)404.70The Company benefits from the tax holiday available to units set up under section 80?IC and 80?IE of Income Tax Act, 1961. These tax holidays are available for a period of ten years from the date of commencement of operations.C	Tax Assets And Liabilities` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Non?Current Tax Assets (net)97.4361.26Current Tax Liabilities (net)35.3922.87D	Deferred Tax Assets (Net of Liabilities):` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Deferred Tax Liability on account of :Property, Plant and Equipment(42.92)(8.81)Intangible assets(253.00)(0.41)Others(1.76)(0.95)Deferred Tax Asset on account of :Defined benefit obligations36.7811.50Intangible assets (Refer Note)99.562.12Provisions63.5055.97MAT credit609.87?Others (includes hyperinflation)37.2940.62Total Deferred Tax Assets549.32100.04
EDeferred Tax Liabilities (Net of Assets):` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Deferred Tax Liability on account of :Property, Plant and Equipment(10.94)(48.97)Intangible assets(91.08)(313.32)Others(2.29)(1.49)Deferred Tax Asset on account of :Defined benefit obligations0.1921.85Provisions6.7135.20Others20.8812.08Total Deferred Tax (Liabilities)(76.53)(294.65)Net Deferred Tax (Liabilities) / Assets472.79(194.61)NoteDuring the year, there has been sale of certain brands within the Group’s entities that shall derive benefits of future tax deductions for the Group. Consequently, a deferred tax asset amounting to ` 93.95 crore has been recognised in the Consolidated Financial Statements.F	MOVEMENT IN DEFERRED TAX (LIABILITIES) / ASSET	` Crore
Property, plant and equipment
Intangible assets
Other Deferred Tax
Defined benefit obligations
Provisions	MATCredit
Other Deferred Tax Asset
Deferred Tax Liabilities /
The company offsets tax assets and liabilities if and only if it has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority.Significant management judgment is required in determining provision for income tax, deferred tax assets (including MAT credit) and liabilities and recoverability of deferred income tax assets. The recoverability of deferred income tax assets is based on estimates of taxable income and the period over which deferred income tax assets will be recovered.As on March 31, 2019 the tax liability with respect to the dividends proposed is ` 42.02 crores (31-Mar-18 : ` 98.03 crores)The Group has not recognized deferred tax liability on undistributed profits of its subsidiaries and associates amounting to ` 634.13 crores (Mar-31-2018 : ` 525.25 crores) because it is able to control the timing of the reversal of temporary differences associated with such undistributed profits and it is probable that such differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.During the year, the Group has recognised tax credits in respect of Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT credit) of ` 634.58.crores. MAT paid in accordance with the tax laws, which gives future economic benefits in the form of adjustment to future income tax liability, is considered as an asset if there is convincing evidence that the Group will pay normal income tax against which the MAT paid will be adjusted.During the year the Group has utilised MAT credit of ` 24.71 crores. Accordingly the Group has re?assessed its utilization of MAT credit, considering business projections, benefits available from tax holiday, remaining period for such benefits etc based on which there is reasonable certainty of utilizing the said credit in future years against the normal tax expected to be paid in those years and accordingly has recognised a deferred tax asset for the same.
NOTE 10 : OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Capital Advances29.3845.46Balances with Government Authorities22.9418.37Other non?current assetsConsidered Good1.071.061.071.06TOTAL53.3964.89NOTE 11 : INVENTORIES` CroreAs atAs atMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018(Valued at lower of cost and net realizable value)Raw Materials (Including Packing Materials)987.70867.05Goods?in Transit16.482.051,004.18869.10Work?in?Progress69.5165.60Finished goods415.05499.18Stock?in?Trade51.53125.85Stores and Spares18.3217.99TOTAL1,558.591,577.72NOTE 12 : INVESTMENTS (CURRENT)` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Unquoted, fully paid up:At Fair Value through Profit or LossInvestments in Mutual Funds16.98115.74At Amortised CostInvestments in Deposits with Non?Banking Financial Companies135.06306.97Investments in Commercial Papers-97.04Quoted, fully paid up:At Amortised CostInvestments in Non?convertible Debentures with Non?Banking Financial Companies329.27336.01TOTAL481.31855.76Aggregate amount of unquoted investments152.04519.75Aggregate amount of quoted investments329.27336.01Aggregate Market Value of quoted Investments329.94339.38NOTE 13 : TRADE RECEIVABLES` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Considered Good? Secured7.172.81Considered Good ? Unsecured1,285.731,242.69Trade Receivables which have significant increase in Credit Risk-?Trade Receivables ? credit impaired48.9944.43Less: Provision for Doubtful Debts(48.99)(44.43)TOTAL1,292.901,245.50Refer note 50 (B)Note:There are no outstanding trade receivables which resulted into significant increase in credit risk apart from receivables which are impaired and provided.
NOTE 14 A : CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Balances with Banks-	In Current Accounts703.59304.75-	Deposits with less than 3 months original maturity153.92579.55857.51884.30Cheques, Drafts on Hand-9.96Cash on hand4.703.76TOTAL862.21898.02NOTE 14 B : OTHER BANK BALANCES` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Deposits with maturities more than 3 months but less than 12 months (Refer Note (a))18.0353.11In Unpaid Dividend Accounts14.489.08TOTAL32.5162.19Note:a)	The fixed deposits include deposits under lien against bank guarantees ` 2.99 crore (Mar-31-2018 :` 2.82 crore)NOTE 15 : LOANS (CURRENT)` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Unsecured, Considered Good, Unless Otherwise StatedSecurity Deposits3.672.82Other Loans and Advances0.060.07TOTAL3.732.89NOTE 16 : OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Derivative asset2.4310.74Refunds/Incentives receivables from Govt. AuthoritiesConsidered Good117.37173.66Considered Doubtful15.6214.62Less: Provision for Doubtful Advances(15.62)(14.62)117.37173.66Others (includes insurance claim receivables & export incentive receivables)35.0614.71TOTAL154.86199.11NOTE 17 : OTHER CURRENT ASSETS` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Balances with Government Authorities152.08131.98Contract Assets (right to receive inventory)6.596.35Other AdvancesConsidered Good143.63189.26Considered Doubtful1.321.71Less: Provision for Doubtful Advances(1.32)(1.71)143.63189.26TOTAL302.30327.59
NOTE 18 : EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Authorised1,030,000,000 Equity Shares (31-Mar-18: 690,000,000) of ` 1 each103.0069.0010,000,000 Preference Shares (31-Mar-18: 10,000,000) of ` 1 each1.001.00Issued1,022,197,220 Equity Shares (31-Mar-18: 681,360,642) of ` 1 each102.2268.14Subscribed and Fully Paid up1,022,166,096 Equity Shares (31-Mar-18: 681,329,518) of ` 1 each fully paid up102.2268.13TOTAL102.2268.13Notes:a) During the year, the Company has issued 114,546 equity shares (Mar-31-2018 : 127,886) under the Employee Stock Grant Scheme.b) 31,124 Right Issue equity shares (Mar-31-2018 : 31,124 equity shares) are kept in abeyance due to various suits filed in courts / forums by third parties for which final order from courts / claim is awaited.c) The reconciliation of number of equity shares outstanding and the amount of share capital at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period:As at March 31, 2019	As at March 31, 2018No. of Shares` CroreNo. of Shares` CroreShares outstanding at the beginning of the year681,329,51868.13340,600,81634.06Add : Shares Issued during the year (Bonus Shares)340,722,03234.08340,600,81634.06Add : Shares Issued on exercise of employee stock grant scheme114,5460.01127,8860.01Shares outstanding at the end of the year1,022,166,096102.22681,329,51868.13d) Terms / rights attached to equity sharesThe Company has issued only one class of equity shares having a par value of ` 1 each. Each equity shareholder is entitled to one vote per share.During the year ended March 31, 2019 the amount of per share dividend recognised as distribution to equity shareholders was ` 15(March-31-2018 : ` 15).e) Pursuant to the approval of the shareholders on Sep 5, 2018 record date for ascertaining the eligibility of the shareholders for receiving the bonus shares was fixed on Sep 14, 2018. Accordingly, the Company has allotted 340,722,032 number of fully paid Bonus shares on Sep 17, 2018 in the ratio of one equity share of ` 1 each fully paid up for every two existing equity shares of ` 1 each fully paid up.f) Shares held by Holding Company and Subsidiary of Holding Company and details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Company:Name of the Shareholder	 		As at March 31, 2019	   		As at March31, 2018	              No. of Shares	% held		No. of Shares	% heldGodrej & Boyce Manufacturing Co Ltd75,011,4457.3450,007,6307.34Godrej Industries Limited242,812,86023.75161,875,24023.76Godrej Seeds & Genetics Limited280,500,00027.44187,000,00027.45g) Shares Reserved for issue under optionsThe Company has 295,015 (previous year 224,011) equity shares reserved for issue under Employee Stock Grant Scheme as at March 31, 2019. (As detailed in Note 46)h) Information regarding aggregate number of equity shares during the five years immediately preceding the date of Balance Sheet:Pursuant to the approval of Shareholders, company has allotted 340,722,032 (31-Mar-2018 year - 340,600,816) number of fully paid Bonus shares on Sep 17, 2017 in the ratio of one equity share of `1 each fully paid up for every two existing equity shares of `1 each fully paid up.Pursuant to the approval of the shareholders the Company has allotted 340,600,816 (Mar-31-2018 : 340,600,816) number of fully paid Bonus shares on June 27, 2017 in the ratio of one equity share of ` 1 each fully paid up for every one existing equity shares of ` 1 each fully paid.The Company has not issued shares for consideration other than cash and has not bought back any shares during the past five years. The Company has not allotted any shares pursuant to contract without payment being received in cash.i) There are no calls unpaid on equity shares, other than shares kept in abeyance as mentioned in Note (b) above.j) No equity shares have been forfeited.k) Capital ManagementThe primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to ensure that it maintains an efficient capital structure and healthy capital ratios to support its business and maximize shareholder value. The Group makes adjustments to its capital structure based on economic conditions or its business requirements. To maintain / adjust the capital structure the Group may make adjustments to dividend paid to    its shareholders or issue new shares.The Group monitors capital using the metric of Net Debt to Equity. Net Debt is defined as borrowings less cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits and readily redeemable investments.
NOTE 19 : OTHER EQUITY` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Securities Premium1,398.041,424.52General Reserve154.05154.05Other ReservesCapital Investment Subsidy Reserve0.150.15Capital Redemption Reserve1.461.46Employee Stock Options Outstanding12.3511.5713.9613.18Retained Earnings5,569.134,702.08Other Comprehensive Income (effective portion of cash flow hedges & exchange differences in translating financial statements of foreign operations)29.52(103.65)Equity attributable to the owners of the parent7,164.706,190.18TOTAL7,164.706,190.18OTHER RESERVES MOVEMENT` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Capital Investment Subsidy ReserveBalance as per last financial statements0.150.15Closing Balance0.150.15Capital Redemption ReserveBalance as per last financial statements1.461.46Closing Balance1.461.46Employee Stock Options OutstandingGross Employee Compensation for Options granted11.579.83(?) Exercise of Share options(8.34)(6.97)(+) Deferred Employee Compensation Expense (Refer Note 33)9.128.71Closing Balance12.3511.57TOTAL13.9613.18Nature and purpose of reserves1) Securities premiumThe amount received in excess of face value of the equity shares is recognised in Securities Premium. The reserve is utilised in accordance with the provisions of the Act.2) General reserveThe Company has transferred a portion of the net profit of the Company before declaring dividend to general reserve pursuant to the earlier provisions of Companies Act 1956. Mandatory transfer to general reserve is not required under the Companies Act 2013.3) Capital Investment Subsidy ReserveCapital Investment Subsidy Reserve represents subsidy received from the government for commissioning of Malanpur plant in the nature of capital investment.4) Capital redemption reserveCapital Redemption reserve represents amount set aside by the company for future redemption of capital.5) Employee Stock Options OutstandingThe shares option outstanding account is used to recognise the grant date fair value of options issued to employees under the Employee Stock Option Plan and the Employee Stock Grant Scheme which are unvested as on the reporting date and is net of the deferred employee compensation expense. Refer note 46 for details on ESGS Plans.6) Effective portion of Cash Flow HedgesThe cash flow hedging reserve represents the cumulative portion of gains or losses arising on changes in fair value of designated portion of hedging instruments entered into for cash flow hedges. The cumulative gain or loss arising on changes in fair value of the designated portion of the hedging instruments that are recognised and accumulated under the heading of cash flow reserve will be reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss only when the hedged transaction affects the profit or loss or included as a basis adjustment to the non financial hedged item.7) Exchange differences on translating the financial statements of foreign operationsThe translation reserve comprises all foreign currency exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations.
NOTE 20: NON-CURRENT BORROWINGS` CroreMaturity Date Terms of Repayment  Coupon/ Interest rate     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018A.	SecuredTerm Loans from banks in USD	Upto August 2024Payable in MultipleInstallmentsevery year6%0.30?UnsecuredTerm loansa)	From Banks in USD	Upto December 2023Payable in MultipleInstallmentsevery year2.6%?3.5%3,108.043,347.94b)	Term Loans from Banks	Upto March 2021Payable in MultipleInstallmentsevery year5.75%?27.6%2.775.28c)	Others-0.023,111.113,353.243,111.113,353.24Less: Current maturities of long term debt (from banks in USD) (Refer Note 26)(506.33)(972.92)TOTAL2,604.782,380.32NOTE 21: OTHER NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Liabilities for business combinations (Refer Note 37)217.55753.95TOTAL217.55753.95NOTE 22 : PROVISIONS` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Provision for Employee BenefitsGratuity (Refer Note 45)103.7593.93Compensated Absences4.504.31TOTAL108.2598.24NOTE 23 : OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Others (includes deferred grants, sundry deposits)4.272.37TOTAL4.272.37NOTE 24: CURRENT BORROWINGS` CroreMaturity Date		Terms of	Coupon/ Interest		As at		As at Repayment		rate	March 31, 2019	March 31, 2018A.	SecuredLoans repayable on demand from banks (Refer Note below)Cash CreditPayable on demand9%?9.5%5.753.425.753.42B.	UnsecuredLoans repayable on demand from banksUpto 12 monthsMulitple dates2.50%?13.00%96.2019.24USD Overdraft from banksOn demandOn demand2.50%?7.00%50.8934.07Overdraft from banksOn demandOn demand9.00%?60.00%118.1097.60265.19150.91TOTAL270.94154.33NOTES:The Group does not have any default as on the Balance Sheet date in the repayment of any loan or interest.
NOTE 25 : TRADE PAYABLES` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Dues to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises53.49?Other Payables*2,486.392,353.10TOTAL2,539.882,353.10*Trade Payables Includes invoices discounted by Vendors with banks Refer Note 50 (C)There are no Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises, to whom the Company owes dues (principal and/or interest), which are outstanding for more than 45 days as at the balance sheet date. During the year, there have been no payments made to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises beyond 45 days. There were no amounts on account of interest due that were payable for the period where the principal has been paid but interest under the MSMED Act, 2006 not paid. Further, there were no amounts towards interest accrued that were remaining unpaid at the    end of accounting year. Accordingly, there were no amounts of further interest remaining due and payable in the succeeding years.The above details regarding Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises has been determined to the extent such parties have been identified in the current year on the basis of information obtained by the Company.NOTE 26 : OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Current Maturities of Long Term Debt (Refer Note 20)506.33972.92Security deposit received4.698.50Unclaimed Dividends (Refer Note (a) below)14.489.08Put Option liability242.50244.56Interest accrued7.137.11Derivative liability22.6217.41Other payables30.1025.45TOTAL827.851,285.03Note:a)	There are no amounts due to be credited to Investor Education and Protection Fund in accordance with Section 125 of the Companies Act, 2013 as at the year end.NOTE 27 : OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Statutory Dues (VAT, Excise, Service Tax, Octroi, TDS etc.)15.4236.89Other Payables (includes employee payables, advance received from customers)151.45274.47TOTAL166.87311.36NOTE 28 : PROVISIONS` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Provision for Employee BenefitsGratuity (net) (Refer Note 45)8.768.18Compensated Absences4.032.90Other Provision :Provision for Sales Returns21.6920.42Provision towards Litigations16.3717.78TOTAL50.8549.28
Movements in each class of other provisions during the financial year are set out below:` CroreSales ReturnsProvision towards LitigationAs at April 1, 201820.4217.78Additional provisions recognised1.861.51Amount Utilised /Unused amounts reversed(0.44)?Foreign currency translation difference(0.15)(2.92)As at March 31, 201921.6916.37Sales Returns:When a customer has a right to return the product within a given period, the Group recognises a provision for sales return. This is measured basis average past trend of sales return as a percentage of sales. Revenue is adjusted for the expected value of the returns and cost of sales are adjusted for the value of the corresponding goods to be returned.Legal Claims:The provisions for indirect taxes and legal matters comprises of numerous separate cases that arise in the ordinary course of business.A provision is recognised for legal cases, if the Group assesses that it is possible/probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required. These provisions have not been discounted as it is not practicable for the Group to estimate the timing of the provision utilisation and cash outflows, if any, pending resolution.NOTE 29 : REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Sale of Products10,221.079,865.90Other Operating Revenues (includes export incentive, GST refunds, scrap sales etc.)93.2775.25TOTAL10,314.349,941.15Notes :a)	Sales for the year ended March 31, 2019 is net of Goods and Service tax (GST). However, for the previous year ended March 31, 2018, sales till period ended June 30, 2017 is gross of excise duty.b)	Revenue Information` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019Revenue by product categoriesHome care4,166.62Hair care3,268.08Personal care2,786.37TOTAL10,221.07c)	Reconciliation of the amount of revenue recognised in the statement of profit and loss with the contracted price` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019Revenue as per contracted price11,430.78Sales returns(24.46)Rebates / Discounts(1,185.25)Revenue from contract with customers10,221.07d)	Contract Balances` CroreApril 1, 2018March 31, 2019Trade receivables (Refer Note 13)1,245.501,292.90Contract assets (Refer Note 17)6.356.59Contract liabilities (Refer Note 27)26.1220.66Note: Contract assets represents right to receive the inventory and contract liabilities represents advances received from customers for sale of goods at the reporting date.
e)	Significant changes in contract liabilities during the period	` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the period26.12NOTE 30 : OTHER INCOME` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Interest Income on:Non?convertible debentures and fixed deposits with Non?Banking Financial Companies at amortised cost54.2739.06On Advances and Fixed Deposits32.4929.44Net Gain on Sale of Investments8.0318.54Fair Value Gain \ (Loss) on financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (net)0.01(8.14)Other Non?Operating IncomeProfit on Sale of Property, Plant & Equipment1.569.26Miscellaneous non operating income12.4019.39TOTAL108.76107.55NOTE 31 : COST OF MATERIALS CONSUMED` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Raw material and packing materialOpening Inventory869.10651.12Add : Purchases (net)4,197.513,864.215,066.614,515.33Less: Closing Inventory(1,004.18)(869.10)Cost of Materials Consumed4,062.433,646.23NOTE 32 : CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS, STOCK-IN-TRADE AND WORK-IN-PROGRESS` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Opening InventoryFinished Goods499.18619.71Stock?in?Trade125.8586.82Work?in?Progress65.6040.10690.63746.63Less: Closing InventoryFinished Goods415.05499.18Stock?in?Trade51.53125.85Work?in?Progress69.5165.60536.09690.63(Increase) / decrease in Inventories154.5456.00NOTE 33 : EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Salaries and Wages1,004.02972.98Contribution to Provident and Other Funds (Refer Note 45)23.5820.71Share based payments to Employees (Employee Stock Grant Scheme) (Refer Note 46)9.128.71Staff Welfare Expenses54.1855.01TOTAL1,090.901,057.41
NOTE 34 : FINANCE COSTS` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Interest ExpenseUnwinding of interest on liabilities9.6214.58Interest on loans155.28105.81Bill discounting charges59.5140.35Net Monetary gain on account of Hyperinflation(0.16)?TOTAL224.25160.74NOTE 35 : DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSES` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Depreciation on property, plant and equipment130.05110.59Amortization of intangible assets39.9345.09TOTAL169.98155.68NOTE 36 : OTHER EXPENSES` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Consumption of Stores and Spares34.8829.29Power and Fuel119.29101.11Rent (net) (Refer Note 43)95.7589.44Repairs and MaintenancePlant and Equipment15.7824.34Buildings9.8012.11Others (net)51.2043.1976.7879.64Insurance21.0316.48Rates and Taxes27.5833.36Processing and Other Manufacturing Charges218.14209.82Travelling and Conveyance80.5075.99Legal and Professional Charges102.12100.21Donations2.782.63Sales Promotion207.19203.22Advertising and Publicity839.28810.27Selling and distribution expenses131.36116.08Freight333.31309.68Royalty4.621.56Commission23.6319.47Bank charges13.9612.38Net Loss on Sale / write off of Property, Plant and Equipment2.154.91Net Loss on Foreign Currency Transactions and Translations13.7829.06Bad Debts Written Off6.416.00Provision for Doubtful Debts / Advances6.8912.67Miscellaneous Expenses (net) (Refer Note (a) below)190.07185.28TOTAL2,551.502,448.55Note :a)	Miscellaneous Expenses include the Company’s share of various expenses incurred by group companies for sharing of services and use of common facilities.
NOTE 37: EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS GAIN/(LOSS)` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Restructuring Cost(18.03)(15.43)Divestment of UK Business (Refer Note 52)76.44?Reversal in liability for business combination (Refer Note below)194.15194.99TOTAL252.56179.56NOTE:During the year there was a change in the provision for earn out liability on account of change in expected EBITDA of a subsidiary which is the basis for its estimation.This consideration is payable after March 31, 2019 and is based on a multiple of future EBITDA of this business. The fair value of contingent consideration is determined by discounting the estimated amount payable to the sellers of Strength of Nature LLC (USA) based on expected future performance.NOTE 38 : EARNINGS PER SHARE  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Net Profit After Tax (` Crore)2,341.531,634.18Number of Shares outstanding at the beginning of the year1,021,994,2771,021,802,448Add : Shares Issued during the year171,819191,829Number of Shares outstanding at the end of the year1,022,166,0961,021,994,277Weighted Average Number of Equity SharesFor calculating Basic EPS1,022,111,3401,021,928,057Effect of dilution:Shared based payments204,688232,154For calculating Diluted EPS1,022,316,0281,022,160,210Earnings Per Share Before and After Extraordinary Items (Face Value ` 1)Basic (`)22.9115.99Diluted (`)22.9015.99Note: Number of shares for the year ended March 31 2018 have been adjusted for the bonus shares issued during the current yearNOTE 39 : COMMITMENTS	` Crore  Year ended March 31, 2019  Year ended March 31, 2018Estimated value of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account to the extent not provided, net of advances there against of ` 29.38 crore (March 31, 2018 : ` 27.39 crore)32.9431.84Others0.400.43TOTAL33.3432.27NOTE 40 : DIVIDENDDuring the year 2018?19,the Board has paid four interim dividends. The first dividend was declared on May 8, 2018 at the rate of ` 7 per equity share (700% of the face value of ` 1 each) and the second dividend was declared on July 30, 2018 at the rate of ` 2 per equity share (200% of the face value of ` 1 each) on the pre?bonus paid up capital of the Company. The Company made a bonus issue in the ratio of 2:1 on Sep 17, 2018. Subsequent to the bonus issue, the Board paid two more interim dividends aggregating to ` 6 per share (600% of the face value ` 1 each). The total dividend rate for all the four interim dividends during the year after adjusting for the pre?bonus interim dividend rate aggregates to ` 12 per equity share (1200% of the face value ` 1 each) and amounts to ` 1226.52 crore. The dividend distribution tax on the said dividends is ` 252.11 crore. Subsequent to the close of the financial year, the Board has declared an interim dividend of ` 2 per equity share (200% of the face value ` 1 each) aggregating to ` 204.43 crore. The dividend distribution tax on the said dividend is ` 42.02 crore.
NOTE 41 : CONTINGENT LIABILITIES	` Crore
a) CLAIMS FOR EXCISE DUTIES, TAXES AND OTHER MATTERS   
As at March 31, 2019   
As at March 31, 2018
i) Excise duty demands against which the Company / Group has preferred appeals	54.69	65.14ii) Sales tax demands against which the Company / Group has  preferred appeals	79.46	63.38iii) Income?tax matters	165.87	70.99iv) Other matters	3.00	3.00b) Guarantees given against Borrowings (in excess of Loans outstanding) / Bank facilities
i) Guarantee amounting to GBP Nil (31?Mar?18 GBP 17.75 million) given by the Company to The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Hongkong against loan provided to Godrej Netherlands BV.ii) Guarantee amounting to USD Nil (31?Mar?18 USD 50.56 million) given by the Company  to The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Hongkong (1?April?15 guarantee provided to The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Hongkong & Standard Chartered Bank Mauritius Limited) against loan provided to Godrej East Africa Holdings Limitediii) Guarantee amounting to USD Nil million (31?Mar?18 USD 87.12 million) given by the Company to DBS Bank Limited, The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Hongkong & Standard Chartered Bank Mauritius Limited against loan provided to Godrej Mauritius Africa Holding Limitediv) Guarantee amounting to USD Nil (31?Mar?18 USD 28.60 million) given by the Company  to DBS Bank Limited, Singapore against loan provided to Godrej Mauritius Africa Holding Limitedv) Guarantee amounting to USD Nil (31?Mar?18 USD 22.88 million) given by the Company to Barclays Bank PLC, London against loan provided to Godrej Mauritius Africa Holding Limitedvi) Guarantee amounting to USD Nil (31?Mar?18 USD 57.2 Million) given by the Company to The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Hongkong & Standard Chartered Bank Mauritius Limited against loan provided to Godrej East Africa Holdings Limitedvii) Guarantee amounting to USD 88 million (31?Mar?18 USD 88 million) given by the Company to DBS Bank Limited, Singapore and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, Singapore Branch towards loan provided to Godrej Consumer Products Holding (Mauritius) Limitedviii) Guarantee amounting to USD Nil (31?Mar?18 USD 1.20 million) given by the Company to Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, Singapore Branch towards interest rate swap / derivative facilities provided to Godrej Consumer Products Holding (Mauritius) Limitedix) Guarantee amounting to USD Nil (31?Mar?18 USD 1.20 million) given by the Company  to DBS Bank Limited towards interest rate swap / derivative facilities provided to Godrej Consumer Products Holding (Mauritius) Limitedx) Guarantee amounting to USD 27.50 million (31?Mar?18 USD 27.50 million) given by the Company to The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited towards loan raised by Godrej East Africa Holdings Limitedxi) Guarantee amounting to USD Nil (31?Mar?18 USD 1.60 million) given by the Company to JP Morgan Chase Bank NA towards interest rate swap / derivative facilities provided to Godrej East Africa Holdings Limitedxii) Guarantee amounting to USD 121 million (31?Mar?18 USD 121 million) given by the Company to The Bank of Tokyo?Mitsubishi UFJ Ltd, London Branch towards loan provided to Godrej SON Holdings, Inc.xiii) Guarantee amounting to USD Nil (31?Mar?18 USD 10 million) given by the Company to HSBC Bank (Mauritius) Limited towards bank facilities provided to Godrej Tanzania Holdings Limitedxiv) Guarantee amounting to USD 27.5 million (31?Mar?18 USD 27.5 million) given by the Company to Standard Chartered Bank, Mauritius towards bank facilities provided to Godrej Tanzania Holdings Limitedxv) Guarantee amounting to USD 44 million (31?Mar?18 USD 44 million) given by the Company to CITI Bank NA, London Branch towards loan provided to Godrej Mauritius Africa Holdings Ltd.xvi) Guarantee amounting to USD 2 million (31?Mar?18 USD 2 million) given by the Company to DBS Bank Limited towards interest rate swap / derivative facilities provided to Godrej Mauritius Africa Holdings Limitedxvii) Guarantee amounting to USD 1.2 million (31?Mar?18 USD Nil million) given by the Company to DBS Bank Limited towards interest rate swap / derivative facilities provided to Godrej Consumer Products Holding (Mauritius) Limited
-	32.76-	29.96-	51.62-	16.95-	13.56-	33.8955.32	52.14-	7.82-	7.8217.29	16.29-	10.4376.07	71.69-	65.18190.18	179.2327.66	26.0713.83	13.048.30	?

NOTE 41 : CONTINGENT LIABILITIES` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018xviii) Guarantee amounting to USD 64.35 million (31?Mar?18 USD Nil million) given by the Company to Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, Singapore Branch towards loan provided to Godrej SON Holdings, Inc.43.91?
xix) Guarantee amounting to USD 148.72 million (31?Mar?18 USD Nil million) given by the Company to The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Singapore Branch towards loan provided to Godrej Mauritius Africa Holdings LimitedOthersi) Guarantees issued by banks [secured by bank deposits under lien with the bank ` 2.99 crore]
93.50	?14.36	27.41

ii) Guarantee given by the Company to Yes Bank for credit facilities extended to M/s. Broadcast Audience Research Council.
0.80	0.80
iii) Other Guarantees	0.45	0.45c) Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debt	33.50	34.20d) The Group has reviewed all its pending litigations and proceedings and has adequately made provisions wherever required and disclosed as contingent liability wherever applicable in the consolidated financial statements. The Group does not expect the outcome of the proceedings to have a materially adverse effect on its financial results.e) OTHER MATTERSThe Hon’ble Supreme Court of India (“SC”) by their order dated February 28, 2019, in the case of Surya Roshani Limited & others v/s EPFO, set out the principles based on which allowances paid to the employees should be identified for inclusion in basic wages for the purposes of computation of Provident Fund contribution. Subsequently, a review petition against this decision has been filed and is pending before the SC for disposal. Pending decision on the subject review petition and directions from the EPFO, the impact, if any, is not ascertainable and consequently no effect has been given in the accounts.
NOTE 42 : RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURESA) Related Parties and their Relationshipa) Joint Venture:Name of the Joint Venture	Country	% Holding as at March 31, 2019
% Holding as at March 31, 2018
Godrej Easy IP Holdings (FZC) (Dubai)	Dubai	Nil*	50%* Dissolved during FY 2018?19
b) Associate Company:Name of the Associate Company	Country	% Holding as at March 31, 2019
% Holding as at March 31, 2018
Bhabani Blunt Hairdressing Pvt Limited	India	28%	30%c) Investing Entity in which the reporting entity is an Associatei) Godrej Industries Limitedii) Godrej Seeds & Genetics Limitedd) Companies under common Control with whom transactions have taken place during the yeari) Godrej & Boyce Mfg. Co. Limitedii) Godrej Agrovet Limitediii) Godrej Tyson Foods Limitediv) Godrej Properties Limitedv) Natures Basket Limitedvi) Godrej Vikhroli Properties LLPvii) Godrej Infotech Limitedviii) Godrej Projects Development Private Limitedix) Godrej Anandanx) Godrej One Premises Management Private Limitedxi) Godrej Seaview Properties Private Limitedxii) Creamline Dairy Products Limitede) Key Management Personnel and Relativesi) Mr. Adi Godrej	Chairman Emeritusii) Ms. Nisaba Godrej	Executive Chairperson / Daughter of Mr. Adi Godrejiii) Mr. Vivek Gambhir	Managing Director & CEOiv) Mr. V. Srinivasan	Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretaryv) Mr. Pirojsha Godrej	Non?Executive Director / Son of Mr. Adi  Godrejvi) Mr. Nadir Godrej	Non?Executive Director/ Brother of Mr. Adi Godrejvii) Ms. Tanya Dubash	Non?Executive Director/ Daughter of Mr. Adi Godrejviii) Mr. Jamshyd Godrej	Non Executive Directorix) Mr. D Shivakumar	Independent Director (till November 1, 2017)x) Mr. Aman Mehta	Independent Directorxi) Mr. Omkar Goswami	Independent Directorxii) Ms. Ireena Vittal	Independent Directorxiii) Mr. Bharat Doshi	Independent Directorxiv) Mr. Narendra Ambwani	Independent Directorxv) Ms. Ndidi Nwuneli	Independent Director (from April 1, 2017)xvi) Ms. Pippa Armerding	Independent Director (from January 30, 2018)xvii) Mr. Burjis Godrej	Son of Mr.Nadir Godrejxviii) Ms. Rati Godrej	Wife of Mr.Nadir Godrejxix) Mr. Sohrab Godrej	Son of Mr.Nadir Godrejxx) Mr. Hormazd Godrej	Son of Mr.Nadir Godrejxxi) Mr.Navroze Godrej	Son of Mr. Jamshyd Godrejxxii) Mr. Arvind Dubash	Husband of Ms. Tanya Dubashf) Trust where the reporting entity excercises significant influencei) Godrej Consumer Products Limited Employees' Stock Option Trustg) Post employment Benefit Trust where the reporting entity exercises significant influencei) Godrej Consumer Products Employees' Provident Fund
B) The Related Party Transactions are as under :	` Crore
Associate Company
Investing Entity in which the reporting entity is an associate
Companies Under Common Control
Key Management Personnel and Relatives
Post employment benefit trust
Total
Current YearPrevious YearCurrent YearPrevious YearCurrent YearPrevious YearCurrent YearPrevious YearCurrent YearPrevious YearCurrent YearPrevious YearSale of Goods0.400.5712.8918.863.371.71-?-?16.6621.14Sale of Capital Asset-?-0.02-?-?-?-0.02Purchase of Materials and Spares0.16?66.2444.190.290.13-?-?66.6944.32Purchase of Fixed Asset including Assets under Construction-?-?0.1911.44-?-?0.1911.44Advance Paid-?1.511.510.050.25-?-?1.561.76Royalty and Technical Fees Paid0.620.87-?-?-?-?0.620.87Establishment & Other Expenses Paid (Including provision for doubtful debts if any)0.141.1934.3833.508.956.92-?-?43.4741.61Expenses Recovered-0.010.210.230.030.35-?-?0.240.59Investments Sold / Redeemed2.28?-?-?-?-?2.28?Dividend Paid-?627.98313.9990.0145.0135.4317.69-?753.42376.69Commission on Profits and Sitting Fees-?-?-?4.202.64-?4.202.64Lease Rentals Received-?9.2510.87-?-?-?9.2510.87Lease Rentals Paid-?14.2115.49-?-0.26-?14.2115.75Contribution during the year (Including Employees' Share)-?-?-?-?16.6315.3416.6315.34Short Term Employment Benefits--?-?23.3233.40-23.3233.40Post Employment Benefits--?-?0.500.42-0.500.42Share Based Payment--?-?3.853.80-3.853.80TOTAL3.602.64766.67438.66102.8965.8167.3058.2116.6315.34957.09580.66Outstanding Balances` CroreReceivables	Payables	Guarantees	Commitments
NOTE 43 : LEASESThe Group’s significant leasing agreements are in respect of operating lease for Computers and Premises (office, godown, etc.) and the aggregate lease rentals payable are charged as rent. The Total lease payments accounted for the year ended March 31, 2019 is ` 95.75 crore (Mar-31-2018 : ` 89.44 crore).
The future minimum lease payments outstanding under non?cancellable operating leases are as follows:
` Crore
     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Not later than one year20.1721.22Later than one year and not later than five years28.7155.89Later than five years-13.03TOTAL48.8890.14The Group has entered into an agreement to give one of its office building on operating lease effective May, 2015. Total lease rentals earned during the year ended March 31, 2019 amounting to ` 9.13 crore have been netted off against rent expense of` 9.13 crore in Note 36 for similar premises in the same building.
The future minimum lease rental receivable under the non?cancellable operating lease is as follows:
` Crore
     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Not later than one year9.139.13Later than one year and not later than five years1.1010.20Later than five years-?TOTAL10.2319.33FINANCE LEASE` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Not later than one year0.140.02Later than one year and not later than five years0.25?Later than five years-?TOTAL0.390.02NOTE 44 : HEDGING CONTRACTSThe Group uses forward exchange contracts to hedge its foreign exchange exposure relating to the underlying transactions and firm commitment in accordance with its forex policy as determined by its Forex Committee. The Group does not use foreign exchange forward contracts for trading or speculation purposes.Forward/ Spot Contracts outstanding as at March 31, 2019:in Million     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Forward Contracts to Purchase (USD)US $45.37US $28.89[151 contracts (previous year 150 contracts)]Forward Contracts to Sell (USD)US $2.60?[4 contracts (previous year Nil contracts)]Forward Contracts to Purchase (CNH)¥0.78¥1.05[3 contracts (previous year 5 contracts)]
NOTE 45 : EMPLOYEE BENEFITSa) DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANProvident FundThe contributions to the Provident Fund of certain employees (including some employees of the erstwhile Godrej Household Products Ltd) are made to a Government administered Provident Fund and there are no further obligations beyond making such contribution. The Superannuation Fund constitutes an insured benefit, which is classified as a defined contribution plan as the Company contributes to an Insurance Company and has no further obligation beyond making payment to the insurance company.b) DEFINED BENEFIT PLANGratuity:The Company participates in the Employees’ Group Gratuity?cum?Life Assurance Scheme of HDFC Standard Life Insurance Co. Ltd., a funded defined benefit plan for qualifying employees. Gratuity is payable to all eligible employees on death or on separation / termination in terms of the provisions of the Payment of Gratuity (Amendment) Act, 1997, or as per the Company’s scheme whichever is more beneficial to the employees.The Gratuity scheme of the erstwhile Godrej Household Products Ltd., which was obtained pursuant to the Scheme of Amalgamation, is funded through Unit Linked Gratuity Plan with HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company Limited.The liability for the Defined Benefit Plan is provided on the basis of a valuation, using the Projected Unit Credit Method, as at the Balance Sheet date, carried out by an independent actuary.The Company has a gratuity trust. However, the Company funds its gratuity payouts from its cash flows. Accordingly, the Company creates adequate provision in its books every year based on actuarial valuation.These benefit plans expose the Company to actuarial risks, such as longevity risk, interest rate risk and investment risk.Provident Fund:The Company manages the Provident Fund plan through a Provident Fund Trust for its employees other than those covered under Government Scheme which is permitted under The Employees’ Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 and is actuarially valued. The plan envisages contribution by the employer and employees and guarantees interest at the rate notified by the Provident Fund authority. The contribution by employer and employee, together with interest, are payable at the time of separation from service or retirement, whichever is earlier.The Company has an obligation to fund any shortfall on the yield of the trust’s investments over the administered interest rates on an annual basis. These administered rates are determined annually predominantly considering the social rather than economic factors and the actual return earned by the Company has been higher in the past years. The actuary has provided a valuation for provident fund liabilities on the basis of guidance issued by Actuarial Society of India and based on the below provided assumptions there is no shortfall as at March 31, 2019.` CroreAs atAs atMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018Plan assets at period end, at fair value149.31129.57Provident Fund Corpus148.00128.51Valuation assumptions under Deterministic Approach:Weighted Average Yield8.67%8.75%Weighted Average Yield to Maturity9.07%8.95%Guaranteed Rate of Interest8.65%8.65%c) Amounts Recognised as Expense:i) Defined Contribution PlanEmployer’s Contribution to Provident Fund including contribution to Family Pension Fund amounting to ` 11.90 crore (Mar-31-2018 : ` 11.03 crore) has been included under Contribution to Provident and Other Funds.ii) Defined Benefit PlanGratuity cost amounting to ` 8.30 crore (Mar-31-2018 : ` 6.41 crore) has been included in Note 33 under Contribution to Provident and Other Funds.
d)The amounts recognised in the Company’s financial statements as at year end are as under:` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018i)Change in Present Value of ObligationPresent value of the obligation at the beginning of the year103.5088.11Current Service Cost11.739.25Interest Cost8.356.53Exchange difference2.12(0.83)Actuarial (Gain) / Loss on Obligation? Due to Change in Demographic Assumptions(0.62)(0.13)Actuarial (Gain) / Loss on Obligation? Due to Change in Financial Assumptions(1.91)3.61Actuarial (Gain) / Loss on Obligation? Due to Experience(2.68)1.68Benefits Paid(7.20)(4.72)Present value of the obligation at the end of the year113.29103.50ii)Change in Plan AssetsFair value of Plan Assets at the beginning of the year1.394.33Interest Income0.170.34Return on plan assets excluding interest income(0.08)(0.13)Actuarial Gain / (Loss) on Plan Assets-0.05Contributions by the Employer6.591.52Benefits Paid(7.20)(4.72)Exchange difference(0.09)?Fair value of Plan Assets at the end of the year0.781.39iii)Amounts Recognised in the Balance Sheet:Present value of Obligation at the end of the year113.29103.50Fair value of Plan Assets at the end of the year0.781.39Net Liability recognised in the Balance Sheet112.51102.11iv)Amounts Recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss:Current Service Cost11.739.25Interest Cost / Income on Obligation / Plan assets (net)8.186.19Net Cost Included in Personnel Expenses19.9115.45v)Recognised in other comprehensive income for the yearActuarial (Gain) / Loss on Obligation(5.21)5.16Return on plan assets excluding interest income0.080.08Recognised in other comprehensive income(5.13)5.24vi)Weighted average duration of Present Benefit Obligation8.01 years7.90 yearsvii)Estimated contribution to be made in next financial year13.6111.47viii)Major categories of Plan Assets as a % of total Plan AssetsInsurer Managed Funds100%100%ix)Actuarial Assumptionsi)	Discount Rate7.22%-14.25%p.a7.29%?13.75%p.aii)	Salary Escalation Rate7% p.a.-12.25%p.a7% p.a.? 11%p.aiii) Mortality for geographies:	India	Indian Assured Lives Mortality (2006?08) UltimateIndonesia	As per Indonesian Mortality Table2011 (TMI11)Nigeria		Rates published in the A49/52 Ultimate Tables, published jointlyby the Institute and Faculty of Actuaries in the UK, rated down by one year to reflect mortality in NigeriaThe estimates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, take account of inflation, seniority, promotion and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market.
x)Maturity Analysis of Projected Benefit Obligation: From the Fund` Crore     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Projected Benefits Payable in Future Years From the Date of ReportingWithin the next 12 months17.7414.422nd Following Year12.0611.593rd Following Year11.4012.024th Following Year11.0011.625th Following Year56.4311.46Sum of Years 6 to 1043.8059.61xi) Sensitivity analysisReasonably possible changes at the reporting date to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other assumptions constant, would have affected the defined benefit obligation by the amounts shown below.March 31, 2019	March 31, 2018IncreaseDecreaseIncreaseDecreaseDiscount rate (1% movement)(6.26)7.06(6.28)7.11Future salary growth (1% movement)7.06(6.37)7.08(6.35)Although the analysis does not take account of the full distribution of cash flows expected under the plan, it does provide an approximation of the sensitivity of the assumptions shown.The method and types of assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis did not change compared to the prior period.Other detailsMethodology Adopted for ALM	Projected Unit Credit MethodUsefulness and Methodology adopted for Sensitivity analysis	Sensitivity analysis is an analysis which will give the movement inliability if the assumptions were not proved to be true on different  count. This only signifies the change in the liability if the difference between assumed and the actual is not following the parameters of the sensitivity analysis.Comment on Quality of Assets	Since investment is with insurance company, Assets are considered to be secured.NOTE 46 : EMPLOYEE STOCK BENEFIT PLANSI. EMPLOYEE STOCK GRANT SCHEMEa) The Company set up the Employees Stock Grant Scheme 2011 (ESGS) pursuant to the approval by the Shareholders on March 18, 2011.b) The ESGS Scheme is effective from April 1, 2011, (the “Effective Date”) and shall continue to be in force until (i) its termination by the Board or (ii) the date on which all of the shares to be vested under Employee Stock Grant Scheme 2011 have been vested in the Eligible Employees and all restrictions on such Stock Grants awarded under the terms of ESGS Scheme, if any, have lapsed, whichever is earlier.c) The Scheme applies to the Eligible Employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries. The entitlement of each employee will be decided by the Compensation Committee of the Company based on the employee’s performance, level, grade, etc.d) The total number of Stock Grants to be awarded under the ESGS Scheme are restricted to 2,500,000 (Twenty Five Lac) fully paid up equity shares of the Company. Not more than 500,000 (Five Lac) fully paid up equity shares or 1% of the issued equity share capital at the time of awarding the Stock Grant, whichever is lower, can be awarded to any one employee in any one year.e) The Stock Grants shall vest in the Eligible Employees pursuant to the ESGS Scheme in the proportion of 1/3rd at the end of each year or as may be decided by the Compensation Committee from the date on which the Stock Grants are awarded for a period of three consecutive years subject to the condition that the Eligible Employee continues to be in employment of the Company or the Subsidiary company as the case may be.f) The Eligible Employee shall exercise her / his right to acquire the shares vested in her / him all at one time within 1 month from the date on which the shares vested in her / him or such other period as may be determined by the Compensation Committee.g) The Exercise Price of the shares has been fixed at ` 1 per share. The fair value is treated as Employee Compensation Expenses and charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss. The value of the options is treated as a part of employee compensation in the financial statements and is amortised over the vesting period.
h) The details of the scheme are as below:Scheme	Grant Date	No. of Options	VestingCondition
Exercise Price (`) per share
Weighted average Exercise Price (`) per share
Exercise period
Employees Stock Grant Scheme 2011From 2011 to2018635,424Vested in the proportion of 1/3rd at the end of each year1.001.00within 1 month from the date of vestingMovement in the number of share options during the year:     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Outstanding at the beginning of the year224,011128,895Add: Bonus issue during the year102,049122,214Add: Granted during the year98,343111,829Less: Exercised during the year114,546127,886Less: Forfeited/ lapsed during the year14,84211,041Outstanding at the end of the year295,015224,011Weighted average remaining contractual life of options as at 31st March, 2019 was 2.93 years (31-Mar-18: 1.24 years). Weighted average equity share price at the date of exercise of options during the year was ` 1213.37 (31-Mar-18: ` 1297.64).The fair value of the employee share options has been measured using the Black?Scholes formula. The following assumptions were used for calculation of fair value of grants:As atAs atMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018Risk?free interest rate (%)7.51%6.46%Expected life of options (years)2.002.00Expected volatility (%)28.29%32.21%Dividend yield1.05%0.31%The price of the underlying share in market at the time of option grant (`)*1,139.451,868.75* Price is before issue of Bonus sharesII. Pursuant to SEBI notification dated January 17, 2013, no further securities of the Company will be purchased from the open market.NOTE 47 : DISCLOSURE U/S 186 (4) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013Details of Investments made are disclosed under Note 5 and Note 12 and details of corporate guarantees given to banks on behalf of other body corporates are disclosed under Note 41.NOTE 48 : SUBSEQUENT EVENTSThere are no significant subsequent events that would require adjustments or disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
NOTE 49 : FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTSA. Accounting classification and fair valuesCarrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities, including their levels in the fair value hierarchy, are presented below. It does not include the fair value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value.` CroreCarrying amount / Fair Value	Fair value Hierarchy
As at March 31, 2019Financial assets Non Current Investments
FVTPL	FVTOCI	AmortisedCost
Total	Level 1	Level 2	Level 3	Total
Non?convertible Debentures with Non?Banking Financial Companies-	-------Deposits with Non?Banking Financial Companies-	-------Loans-	-18.7718.77-	-	-	-Other Financial Assets-	-5.775.77-	-	-	-CurrentCurrent investmentsDeposits with Non?Banking Financial Companies--135.06135.06-135.06-135.06Mutual Fund16.98--16.98-16.98-16.98Non?convertible Debentures with Non?Banking Financial Companies--329.27329.27-329.94-329.94Trade receivables--1,292.901,292.90----Cash and cash equivalents--862.21862.21----Bank balances others32.5132.51----Loans--3.733.73----Derivative Asset-2.43-2.43-2.43-2.43Others--152.43152.43----16.982.432,832.652,852.06-484.41-484.41Financial liabilitiesNon-CurrentBorrowings--2,604.782,604.78----Liabilities for business combinations217.55--217.55--217.55217.55CurrentBorrowings--270.94270.94----Trade and other payables--2,539.882,539.88----Put Option Liability *---242.50--242.50242.50Current Maturities of Long Term Debt--506.33506.33----Derivative liability22.62-22.62-22.6222.62Others--56.4056.40----217.5522.625,978.336,461.00-22.62460.05482.67
` CroreCarrying amount / Fair Value	Fair value Hierarchy
As at March 31, 2018Financial assets Non Current Investments
FVTPL	FVTOCI	AmortisedCost
Total	Level 1	Level 2	Level 3	Total
Non?convertible Debentures with Non?Banking Financial Companies?84.6684.6684.7984.79Deposits with Non?Banking Financial Companies?20.5420.54?20.54?20.54Loans?18.8718.87????Other Financial Assets??9.579.57????Current?Current investments???????Deposits with Non?Banking Financial Companies??306.97306.97?306.97?306.97Investments in Commercial Papers97.0497.04?97.0497.04Mutual Fund115.74??115.74?115.74?115.74Non?convertible Debentures with Non?Banking Financial Companies??336.01336.01?339.38?339.38Trade receivables?1,245.501,245.50????Cash and cash equivalents?898.02898.02Bank balances others?62.1962.19????Loans??2.892.89???Derivative Asset?10.7410.74?10.74?10.74Others188.37188.37115.7410.743,270.633,397.11?975.20?975.20Financial liabilitiesNon-CurrentBorrowings?2,380.322,380.32????Liabilities for business combinations753.95??753.95??753.95753.95Current?Borrowings??154.33154.33????Trade and other payables?2,353.102,353.10????Put Option Liability*???244.56??244.56244.56Current Maturities of Long Term Debt?972.92972.92????Derivative liability?17.41?17.41?17.4117.41Others?50.1450.14????753.9517.415,910.816,926.73?17.41998.511,015.92There are no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2Level ? 1 : Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilitiesLevel ? 2 : Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices) Level ? 3 : Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs)* The put option liability is fair valued at each reporting date through equityNOTE: The group has not disclosed fair values of financial instruments other than mutual funds, deposits with non?banking financial companies, non?convertible debentures with non?banking financial companies, investment in commercial papers, derivative asset, derivative liability and liabilities for business combinations, because the carrying amounts are a reasonable approximation of fair value.
B. Measurement of fair valuesValuation techniques and significant unobservable inputsThe following tables show the valuation techniques used in measuring Level 2 and Level 3 fair values, as well as the significant unobservable inputs used.Financial instruments measured at fair value
Type	Valuation technique
     Significant unobservable inputs 
Inter-relationship between significant unobservable inputs

Level 3 fair valuesReconciliation of Level 3 fair valuesThe following table shows a reconciliation from the opening balances to the closing balances for Level 3 fair values:` CroreParticulars     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018Opening Balance998.511,214.30Net change in fair value through reserves6.16(15.15)Net change in fair value through PL (Refer Note (a) below)9.6211.29Net change in liability due to payments(449.25)(17.01)Reversal in liability for business combination(194.15)(194.99)Exchange difference89.160.07Closing Balance460.05998.51NOTE: (a) Interest unwinding chargesValuation processesThe main level 3 inputs for put option and liability for business combination are derived and evaluated as follows :Liability for Business Combination -The key inputs used in the determination of fair value of Liability for Business Combination are the discount rate and expected future performance of the business (EBIDTA).Put Option Liability -The key inputs used in the determination of fair value of put option liability is performance of the business.Sensitivity analysisFor the fair values of put option liability and liability for business combination, reasonably possible changes at the reporting date to one of the significant unobservable inputs, holding other inputs constant, would have the following effects.Liability for Business Combination	` CroreYear ended March 31, 2019 Profit and Loss impactSignificant unobservable inputs	10% Increase	10% DecreaseAchievement of financial target (10% movement) (Refer note below)	-	12.23Note: Liability has been recognised at maximum threshold and hence there will be no further increase` CroreYear ended March 31, 2018 Profit and Loss impactSignificant unobservable inputs10% Increase10% DecreaseAchievement of financial target (10% movement)(80.48)80.48Put Option Liability` CroreYear ended March 31, 2019Equity impactSignificant unobservable inputs	10% Increase	10% DecreaseAchievement of financial target (10% movement)	(24.25)	24.25` CroreYear ended March 31, 2018 Equity impactSignificant unobservable inputs	10% Increase	10% DecreaseAchievement of financial target (10% movement)	(24.57)	24.57
NOTE 50 : FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENTThe activities of the Group exposes it to a number of financial risks – market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group seeks to minimize    the potential impact of unpredictability of the financial markets on its financial performance. The risk management policy which is approved by the Board, is closely monitored by the senior management.A. MANAGEMENT OF MARKET RISK:Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market prices. Market risk comprises of three types of risks: currency rate risk, interest rate risk and price risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk includes borrowings, trade receivables and payables, bank deposits, investments and derivative financial instruments. The Group  has international operations and is exposed to a variety of market risks, including currency and interest rate risks.(i) Management of price risk:The Company invests its surplus funds in various debt instruments including liquid and short term schemes of debt mutual funds,  deposits with banks and financial institutions, commercial papers and non?convertible debentures (NCD’s). Investments in mutual funds and NCD’s are susceptible to market price risk, arising from changes in interest rates or market yields which may impact the return and value of the investments. This risk is mitigated by the Company by investing the funds in various tenors depending on the liquidity needs of the Company.(ii) Management of currency risk:Currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group has foreign currency trade payables and receivables and is therefore exposed to foreign exchange risk. The Group mitigates the foreign exchange risk by setting appropriate exposure limits, periodic monitoring of the exposures and hedging exposures using derivative financial instruments like foreign exchange forward contracts. The exchange rates have been volatile in the recent years and may continue to be volatile in the future. Hence the operating results and financials of the Group may be impacted due to volatility of the functional currency against foreign currencies.Exposure to currency risk (Exposure in different currencies converted to INR)The currency profile of financial assets and financial liabilities as at March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 are as below:` CroreAs at March 31, 2019GBPUSDEUROZARAEDOthersFinancial assetsCash and cash equivalents0.0237.730.010.62-	0.16Current investments-0.41---	-Long?term loans and advances-----	-Short?term loans and advances-----	-Trade and other receivables2.98246.2531.820.31-	0.42Less: Forward contracts for trade receivables-(18.03)---	-Other Non?Current financial assets-22.702.66--	-Other Current financial assets-10.55---	-3.00299.6134.490.93-	0.58Financial liabilitiesLong term borrowings-1.95---	-Short term borrowings-42.63---	-Trade and other payables0.22660.510.620.05-	5.73Less: Forward contracts for trade payables-(314.05)---	(0.80)Other Current financial liabilities-0.353.35--	-0.22391.393.970.05-	4.93Net Exposure2.78(91.78)30.520.88-	(4.35)
` CroreAs at March 31, 2018GBPUSDEUROZARAEDOthersFinancial assetsCash and cash equivalents0.0870.690.290.23?2.24Current investments??????Long?term loans and advances?10.52????Short?term loans and advances?1.99????Trade and other receivables1.52241.6436.120.492.32?Less: Forward contracts for trade receivables??????Other Non?Current financial assets?7.81????Other Current financial assets?7.89????1.60340.5436.410.722.322.24Financial liabilitiesLong term borrowings?8.37????Short term borrowings?92.72????Trade and other payables2.96449.967.95??5.38Less: Forward contracts for trade payables?(187.94)???(1.09)Other Current financial liabilities?0.19????2.96363.307.95??4.29Net Exposure(1.36)(22.76)28.460.722.32(2.05)The following significant exchange rates have been applied during the year.Year-end spot rateINRMarch 31,2019March 31,2018GBP INR90.4891.76USD INR69.3565.18EUR INR77.6980.62ZAR INR4.765.53AED INR18.8417.74Sensitivity analysisA reasonably possible 5% strengthening (weakening) of GBP/USD/EURO/ZAR/AED/CNH/KWD against the India rupee at March 31,  2019 and March 31, 2018 would have affected the measurement of financial instruments denominated in GBP/USD/EURO/ZAR/AED   and affected profit or loss by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant and ignores any impact of forecast sales and purchases.` CroreEffect in INR	 	Profit or loss	
(iii) Management of interest risk:Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates.Exposure to interest rate riskThe Group’s exposure to interest rate risks relates primarily to the Group’s interest obligations on its borrowings. To mitigate this risk the Group enters into derivative financial instruments like interest rate swaps.The interest rates profile of the Group’s interest bearing financial instruments is as follows:` CroreAs atAs atMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018BorrowingsFixed rate instruments167.44145.46Variable?rate instruments3,214.613,362.113,382.053,507.57Fair value sensitivity analysis for fixed-rate instrumentsThe Company does not account for any fixed?rate financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. Therefore, a change in interest rates at the reporting date would not affect profit or loss.Cash flow sensitivity analysis for variable-rate instrumentsA reasonably possible change of 50 basis points (bp) in interest rate at the reporting date would have increased / (decreased) equity and profit or loss by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency exchange rates, remain constant.The risk estimates provided assume a parallel shift of 50 basis points interest rate across all yield curves. This calculation also assumes that the change occurs at the balance sheet date and has been calculated based on risk exposures outstanding as at that date. The period end balances are not necessarily representative of the average debt outstanding during the period.` CroreProfit or loss / Equity50 bp increase50 bp decreaseAs at March 31, 2019Variable?rate instruments(16.07)16.07Less : Interest?rate swap on Variable rate instrument6.59(6.59)Cash flow sensitivity (net)(9.48)9.48As at March 31, 2018Variable?rate instruments(16.81)16.81Less : Interest?rate swap on Variable rate instrument9.03(9.03)Cash flow sensitivity (net)(7.78)7.78B. MANAGEMENT OF CREDIT RISK:Credit risk refers to the risk of default on its obligations by a counterparty to the Group resulting in a financial loss to the Group. The Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities (trade receivables) and from its investing activities including investments in mutual funds, commercial papers, deposits with banks and financial institutions and NCD’s, foreign exchange transactions and financial instruments.Credit risk from trade receivables is managed by each business unit subject to the Group’s policies, procedures and controls relating   to customer credit risk management by establishing credit limits, credit approvals and monitoring creditworthiness of the customers towhich the Group extends credit in the normal course of business. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored. The Group has no concentration of credit risk as the customer base is widely distributed.Credit risk from investments of surplus funds is managed by the Group’s treasury in accordance with the Board approved policy and limits. Investments of surplus funds are made only with those counterparties who meet the minimum threshold requirements prescribed by the Board. The Group monitors the credit ratings and financial strength of its counter parties and adjusts its exposure accordingly.
At March 31, 2019, the ageing for the trade receivables as mentioned in the note below and that were not impaired (not provided for) was as follows:
Trade receivables	As at
` CroreAs at
Loans and advances given are monitored by the Group on a regular basis and these are neither past due nor impaired.Management believes that the unimpaired amounts that are past due are still collectible in full, based on historical payment behaviour  and extensive analysis of customer credit risk, including underlying customers’ credit ratings if they are available. The Company uses an allowance matrix to measure the expected credit loss of trade receivables from individual customers which comprise on large number of small balances.The movement in allowances for impairment in respect of trade receivables is as follows:` CroreAs atAs atMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018Opening Balance44.4332.33Impairment loss recognised11.1617.56Amounts written off / written back(3.88)(6.00)Exchange difference(2.41)0.54Less: Transfer on divestment(0.31)?Closing Balance48.9944.43C. MANAGEMENT OF LIQUIDITY RISK:Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group may not be able to meet its present and future cash obligations without incurring unacceptable losses. The Group’s objective is to maintain at all times, optimum levels of liquidity to meet its obligations. The Group closely monitors   its liquidity position and has a robust cash management system. The Group maintains adequate sources of financing including debt and overdraft from domestic and international banks and financial markets at optimized cost.Exposure to liquidity riskThe following are the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities at the reporting date. The amounts are gross and undiscounted, and include estimated interest payments and exclude the impact of netting agreements.` CroreContractual cash flows
As at March 31, 2019
Carrying amount	Total	Less than 1 Year	1-3 years	More than 3years
Non-derivative financial liabilitiesTerm loan and overdrafts from banks3,382.053,591.40868.322,127.79595.29Trade payables2,539.882,539.882,539.88--Other financial liabilities516.45516.45298.90217.55-Derivative financial liabilitiesInterest rate swaps22.6265.2621.4331.9811.85Forward exchange contracts used for hedging-	Outflow-314.05314.05---	Inflow-18.0318.03--
` CroreContractual cash flows
As at March 31, 2018
Carrying amount	Total	Less than 1 Year	1-3 years	More than 3
NOTE 51 : HEDGE ACCOUNTINGThe objective of hedge accounting is to represent, in the Group’s financial statements, the effect of the Group’s use of financial instruments to manage exposures arising from particular risks that could affect profit or loss. As part of its risk management strategy, the Group makes use of financial derivative instruments namely foreign exchange forward contracts & interest rate swaps for hedging the risk embedded in some of its highly probable forecast investment & interest rate fluctuation on some of its variable rate loans.For derivative contracts designated as hedge, the Group documents, at inception, the economic relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item, the hedge ratio, the risk management objective for undertaking the hedge and the methods used to assess the hedge effectiveness. The derivative contracts have been taken to hedge foreign currency risk on highly probable forecast investment & interest rate risk on variable rate loans. The tenor of hedging instrument may be less than or equal to the tenor of underlying.Financial contracts designated as hedges are accounted for in accordance with the requirements of Ind AS 109 depending upon the type of hedge. The Group applies cash flow hedge accounting to hedge the variability in a) the future cash flows on the overseas remittance to its subsidiary subject to foreign exchange risk; b) interest payments on variable rate loans.The Group has a Board approved policy on assessment, measurement and monitoring of hedge effectiveness which provides a guideline for the evaluation of hedge effectiveness, treatment and monitoring of the hedge effective position from an accounting and risk monitoring perspective. Hedge effectiveness is ascertained at the time of inception of the hedge and periodically thereafter. The Group assesses hedge effectiveness    on prospective basis. The prospective hedge effectiveness test is a forward looking evaluation of whether or not the changes in the fair valueor cash flows of the hedging position are expected to be highly effective on offsetting the changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged position over the term of the relationship.Hedge effectiveness is assessed through the application of critical terms match method & dollar off?set method. Any ineffectiveness in a hedging relationship is accounted for in the statement of profit and loss.The table below enumerates the Group’s hedging strategy, typical composition of the Group’s hedge portfolio, the instruments used to hedge risk exposures and the type of hedging relationship:
Sr	Type ofNo	risk/ hedgeposition
Hedged item	Description of hedging strategy
 Hedging	Description of hedging instrument instrument
Type of hedging relationship
1	Currency riskhedge
Highly Probable Foreign currency (FCY) denominated investment into Overseas Subsidiary
FCY denominated highly probable forecast investment is converted into functional currency using a plain vanila foreign currency forward contract.
Fx  forward contracts
Forward contracts are contractual agreements to buy or sell a specified financial instrument at a specific price and date in the future. These are customized contracts transacted in the over–the–counter market.
Cash flow hedge
1	Interest rate hedge
Floating rate loans	Floating rate financial liabilityis converted into a fixed  rate financial liability using a floating to fixed interest rate swap. 
Interest rate swap
Interest rate swap is a derivative instrument whereby the Group receives at a floating rate in return for a fixed rate liability.
Cash flow hedge

The table below provide details of the derivatives that have been designated as cash flow hedges for the year presented:For the year ended March 31, 2019	` Crore
Hedging Instrument
Notional principal amounts outstanding
Derivative Financial Instruments- Assets outstanding
Derivative Financial Instruments- Liabilities outstanding
Gain/(Loss) due to change in fair value for the year
Change in fair value for the year recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
Ineffectiveness recognized in profit or loss
Line item in profit or loss thatincludes hedge ineffectiveness
Amount reclassified from the hedge reserve to profit or loss
Line item in profit or loss affected by the reclassification
Interest rate swaps1,317.562.4322.62(13.58)(13.58)?NANANAPrevious Year1,806.6510.7417.41(5.92)(5.92)-NANANAThe table below provides a profile of the timing of the notional amounts of the Group’s hedging instruments (based on residual tenor) along with the average price or rate as applicable by risk category:As at March 31, 2019	As at March 31, 2018
Total	Less than
1-5 years	Over 5
Total	Less than
1-5 years	Over 5
The following table provides a reconciliation by risk category of the components of equity and analysis of Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) items resulting from hedge accounting:` CroreMovement in Cash flow hedge reserve for the years endedMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018Opening balance7.6913.61Gain / (Loss) on the Effective portion of changes in fair value:a)	Interest rate risk(13.58)(5.92)b)	Currency risk-?Tax on movements on reserves during the year-?Closing balance(5.89)7.69NOTE 52 : DIVESTMENT OF UK BUSINESSOn August 31 2018, the Group sold 100% equity stake in Godrej Consumer Products (UK) Limited at a net consideration of ` 279.51 crore and has recognised a net gain on divestment of ` 76.44 crore (refer note 37). UK business was a part of “Others” segment in Segment reporting disclosure.
NOTE 53 : GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH INDEFINITE USEFUL LIFEGoodwill has been allocated to the Group’s CGU as follows:Particulars	As at
` CroreAs at
Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated ?a. represents the lowest level within the entity at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purpose andb. is not larger than an operating segment as defined in Ind AS 108 Operating Segments, before aggregation.
Indefinite life brands have been allocated to the Group’s CGU as follows:Particulars     As at March 31, 2019     As at March 31, 2018India738.50791.42Africa (including SON)1,449.241,339.22Chile8.48?The recoverable amount of a CGU is based on its value in use. The value in use is estimated using discounted cash flows over a period of 5 years. The measurement using discounted cash flow is level 3 fair value based on inputs to the valuation technique used. Cash flows beyond  5 years is estimated by capitalising the future maintainable cash flows by an appropriate capitalisation rate and then discounted using pre tax discount rate.Operating margins and growth rates for the five year cash flow projections have been estimated based on past experience and after considering the financial budgets/ forecasts approved by management. Other key assumptions used in the estimation of the recoverable amount are set out below. The values assigned to the key assumptions represent management’s assessment of future trends in the relevant industries and have been based on historical data from both external and internal sources.
Particulars	As atJanuary 31, 2019
     As at March 31, 2018
Pre Tax discount rate	11.95% - 24.64%	9.2% ? 21.4%Long term growth rate beyond 5 years	3% - 8%	2% ? 8.6%The pre tax discount rate is based on risk free rate, beta variant adjusted for market premium and company specific risk factors.According to Ind AS 36 “Impairment of Assets”, the annual impairment test for intangible assets with indefinite useful life may be performed at any time during an annual period, provided the test is performed at the same time every year. From the year ended March 31, 2019, the Group has decided to perform impairment test for goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful life at January 31 and will follow the same for future years.Based on impairment test done as at January 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018, Group has concluded that there was no impairment for goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets as at March 31, 2019 and March 31, 3018.With regard to the assessment of value in use, no reasonably possible change in any of the above key assumptions would cause the carrying amount of the CGUs to exceed their recoverable amount.NOTE 54 : SEGMENT REPORTINGDescription of segments and principal activities:The Group has identified geographical segments as reportable segments which are as follows:• Segment?1,India• Segment?2, Indonesia• Segment?3, Africa (Including Strength of Nature)• Segment?4, othersThe Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) evaluates the Group’s performance and allocates resources based on an analysis of various performance indicators by operating segments. The CODM reviews revenue and profit as the performance indicator for all of the operating segments.

The group is engaged in manufacturing of personal and household care products.Information about reportable segments for the year ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 is as follows:Year ended March 31, 2019 Africa
` Crore
Particulars
India	Indonesia
(includingStrength of Nature)
Others	Total
Segment Revenue5,679.311,524.942,456.04770.1710,430.46Add/(Less): Inter segment revenue(83.50)(28.63)(1.34)(2.65)(116.12)Revenue from Operations5,595.811,496.312,454.70767.5210,314.34Segment result1,512.55393.09190.4420.502,116.58Add/(Less): Inter segment----Other income12.632.556.841.0123.03Depreciation & Amortization(69.06)(21.65)(59.45)(19.82)(169.98)Interest income60.2022.084.110.3786.76Finance costs (Unallocable)----(224.25)Exceptional items (net)----252.56Share of net profits of equity accounted investees (net of income tax)----0.63Profit Before Tax2,085.33Tax expense----256.20Profit After Tax2,341.53` CroreYearended March 31, 2018Africa
Particulars
India	Indonesia
(including Strength of Nature)
Others	Total
Segment Revenue5,354.741,354.482,189.131,139.6510,038.00Add/(Less): Inter segment revenue(69.00)(22.46)(1.83)(3.56)(96.85)Revenue from Operations5,285.741,332.022,187.301,136.099,941.15Segment result1,330.30323.89267.65145.272,067.11Add/(Less): Inter segment??(0.14)(0.14)Other income11.049.9613.674.5239.19Depreciation & Amortization(63.31)(20.60)(48.72)(23.05)(155.68)Interest income42.6221.213.720.9568.50Finance costs (Unallocable)????(160.74)Exceptional items (net)????179.56Share of net profits of equity accounted investees (net of income tax)????1.08Profit Before Tax2,038.88Tax expense????(404.70)Profit After Tax1,634.18` CroreParticulars	As at	As atMarch 31, 2019	March 31, 2018Segment Assetsa)	India3,738.813,708.79b)	Indonesia2,696.782,544.66c)	Africa (including Strength of Nature)6,748.126,403.15d)	Others1,099.501,399.52Less: Intersegment Eliminations(113.13)(92.31)14,170.0813,963.81Segment Liabilitiesa)	India1,738.391,982.49b)	Indonesia415.95348.50c)	Africa (including Strength of Nature)897.42642.87d)	Others138.18320.65Less: Intersegment Eliminations(128.87)(95.09)3,061.073,199.42Add: Unallocable liabilities3,842.094,506.08Total Liabilities6,903.167,705.50
Information about major customers:No Single customer represents 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue for the year ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018
Capital expenditure	Year endedMarch 31, 2019
` Crore Year ended March 31, 2018
a)India81.22116.25b)Indonesia13.6513.36c)Africa (including Strength of Nature)120.27162.31d)Others16.1227.25Total231.26319.17
NOTE 55 : ASSETS PLEDGED AS SECURITYThe carrying amount of assets pledged as security for current and non-current borrowings are:
` Crore
As atAs atMarch 31, 2019March 31, 2018CurrentFinancial assetsFloating chargeTrade receivables (Refer Note 13)2.551.55Total(a)2.551.55Non Financial assetsFirst chargeInventories (Refer Note 11)(b)11.7013.15Total current assets pledged as security(c) = (a) + (b)14.2514.70Non CurrentFirst chargePlant & Machinery (Refer Note 3)14.8213.96Total non-current assets pledged as security(d)14.8213.96Total assets pledged as security(e) = (c) + (d)29.0728.66NOTE 56 : ADDITIONAL INFORMATION , AS REQUIRED UNDER SCHEDULE III TO THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013, OF ENTERPRISES CONSOLIDATED AS SUBSIDIARY/ASSOCIATES
Net Assets (i.e. total assets minus total liabilities)
Share in Profit/Loss account Share in Other comprehensive
Share in Total comprehensive income
Name of the Enterprise 
As % of consolidated 
Amount (` in crore) 
As % of consolidated 
Amount (` in crore) 
As % of consolidated 
Amount (` in crore) 
As % of Total Comprehensive
Amount (` in crore)

Net Assets (i.e. total assets minus total liabilities)
Share in Profit/Loss account Share in Other comprehensive
Share in Total comprehensive income
Name of the Enterprise
As % of consolidated net assets 
Amount (` in crore)
As % of consolidated profits 
Amount (` in crore)
As % of consolidated OCI 
Amount (` in crore)
As % of Total Comprehensive Income
Amount (` in crore)
Frika Weave (PTY) LTD0.04%2.750.02%0.540.02%0.54Godrej Africa Holdings Limited33.06%2,402.800.74%17.280.70%17.28Godrej Consumer Holdings (Netherlands) B.V.9.43%685.59?0.01%(0.27)?0.01%(0.27)Godrej Consumer Investments (Chile) Spa4.76%345.590.00%(0.01)0.00%(0.01)Godrej Consumer Products (UK) Limited *0.00%(0.00)?3.72%(87.08)?3.51%(87.08)Godrej Consumer Products (Netherlands) B.V.0.54%39.55?0.01%(0.25)?0.01%(0.25)Godrej Consumer Products Bangladesh Ltd0.00%(0.07)0.00%(0.01)0.00%(0.01)Godrej Consumer Products Dutch Coöperatief U.A.10.19%740.45?0.07%(1.57)?0.06%(1.57)Godrej Consumer Products Holding (Mauritius) Limited21.83%1,586.442.32%54.29?0.83%(1.15)2.14%53.14Godrej Consumer Products International (FZCO)?0.08%(5.74)1.94%45.491.83%45.49Godrej East Africa Holdings Ltd1.65%120.23?1.78%(41.73)?0.75%(1.04)?1.72%(42.77)Godrej Global Mid East FZE0.16%11.330.52%12.210.49%12.21Godrej Hair Care Nigeria Limited0.00%?0.00%?0.00%?Godrej Hair Weave Nigeria Limited0.00%?0.00%?0.00%?Godrej Holdings (Chile) Limitada5.39%391.660.55%12.990.52%12.99Godrej Household Products (Bangladesh) Pvt. Ltd.0.13%9.67?0.55%(12.93)?0.52%(12.93)Godrej Household Products (Lanka) Pvt. Ltd.0.16%11.33?0.22%(5.23)?0.21%(5.23)Godrej Household Insecticide Nigeria Limited0.00%?0.00%?0.00%?Godrej IIP Holdings Ltd12.09%878.912.02%47.241.90%47.24Godrej International Trading Company (Sharjah)?0.01%(0.43)0.00%(0.09)0.00%(0.09)Godrej Mauritius Africa Holdings Ltd15.00%1,090.241.74%40.82?4.26%(5.90)1.41%34.92Godrej MID East Holdings Limited12.32%894.981.58%37.061.49%37.06Godrej Netherlands B.V.6.42%466.7211.35%265.6510.71%265.65Godrej Nigeria Limited0.50%36.120.49%11.410.46%11.41Godrej Peru SAC?0.02%(1.52)?0.05%(1.24)?0.05%(1.24)Godrej SON Holdings Inc7.05%512.260.44%10.19?3.96%(5.49)0.19%4.70Godrej South Africa Proprietary Ltd.1.27%92.26?0.44%(10.40)?0.42%(10.40)Godrej Tanzania Holdings LTD.1.68%122.12?0.10%(2.28)?0.09%(2.28)Godrej (UK) Ltd1.40%101.546.67%156.096.29%156.09Godrej West Africa Holdings Ltd.1.55%112.77?0.01%(0.16)?0.01%(0.16)Hair Credentials Zambia Limited?0.03%(2.13)?0.40%(9.42)?0.38%(9.42)Hair Trading (offshore) S. A. L1.41%102.613.25%76.163.07%76.16Indovest Capital0.01%0.890.00%(0.07)0.00%(0.07)Issue Group Brazil Limited0.01%0.790.01%0.170.01%0.17Kinky Group (Pty) Limited0.22%15.770.39%9.070.37%9.07
Net Assets (i.e. total assets minus total liabilities)
Share in Profit/Loss account Share in Other comprehensive
Share in Total comprehensive income
Name of the Enterprise
As % of consolidated net assets 
Amount (` in crore)
As % of consolidated profits 
Amount (` in crore)
As % of consolidated OCI 
Amount (` in crore)
As % of Total Comprehensive Income
Amount (` in crore)
Laboratoria Cuenca S.A0.61%44.13?0.52%(12.17)?0.49%(12.17)Lorna Nigeria Ltd.2.56%185.83?0.68%(15.92)0.30%0.41?0.63%(15.51)Old Pro International Inc1.76%127.660.00%?0.00%?Panamar Producciones S.A.0.02%1.180.00%(0.01)0.00%(0.01)PT Ekamas Sarijaya0.19%13.890.02%0.550.02%0.55PT Indomas Susemi Jaya0.88%63.880.54%12.650.51%12.65PT Intrasari Raya1.17%85.210.54%12.550.51%12.55PT Megasari Makmur13.09%951.0110.05%235.373.68%5.109.70%240.47PT Sarico Indah0.15%10.560.01%0.350.01%0.35Sigma Hair Industries Limited0.10%6.99?0.30%(6.91)?0.28%(6.91)Style Industries Uganda Limited0.00%0.000.00%?0.00%?Strength of Nature LLC29.81%2,166.601.71%40.001.61%40.00Strength of Nature South Africa Proprietary Limited0.06%4.590.11%2.510.10%2.51Style Industries Limited2.22%161.54?1.94%(45.53)?1.84%(45.53)Subinite (Pty) Ltd.0.64%46.250.21%5.000.20%5.00Weave Ghana Ltd0.74%53.970.02%0.460.02%0.46Weave IP Holdings Mauritius Pvt. Ltd.0.02%1.730.05%1.100.04%1.10Weave Mozambique Limitada2.13%154.85?0.22%(5.15)?0.21%(5.15)Weave Senegal Ltd?0.01%(0.73)?0.40%(9.42)?0.38%(9.42)Weave Trading Mauritius Pvt. Ltd.0.01%0.611.48%34.561.39%34.56Godrej Consumers Products Malaysia Ltd0.00%?0.00%?0.00%?Adjustment arising out of consolidation105.95%146.755.92%146.75Associate (Investments as per Equity method)Bhabani Blunt Hairdressing Pvt. Ltd.??0.03%0.630.03%0.63Eliminations?182.32%(13248.91)?16.75%(392.21)?15.81%(392.21)Grand Total100.00%7266.92100.00%2341.53100.00%138.51100.00%2480.04* On August 31, 2018, the Group sold 100% equity stake in Godrej Consumer Products (UK) LtdNOTE 57 : DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATE AND JOINT VENTUREThe companies considered in the consolidated financial statements are :
Name of the entity
 Country of Incorporation
Ownership interest held by the Group
Ownership interest held by non- controlling interest
March 31, 2019March 31, 2018March 31, 2019March 31, 2018Godrej Household Products (Lanka) Pvt. Ltd.Srilanka100%100%??Godrej South Africa Proprietary LtdSouth Africa100%100%??Godrej Consumer Products Bangladesh LtdBangladesh100%100%??Godrej Household Products (Bangladesh) Pvt. Ltd.Bangladesh100%100%??Bhabhani Blunt Hairdressing Private Limited (Associate)India28%30%72%70%Beleza Mozambique LDAMozambique100%100%??Consell SAArgentina100%100%??Cosmetica NacionalChile100%100%??Charm Industries LimitedKenya100%100%??Canon Chemicals LimitedKenya100%100%??

Name of the entity 
Country of Incorporation
Ownership interest held by the Group
Ownership interest held by non- controlling interest
March 31, 2019March 31, 2018March 31, 2019March 31, 2018Darling Trading Company Mauritius LtdMauritius100%100%??Deciral SAUruguay100%100%??DGH Phase Two MauritiusMauritius100%100%??DGH Tanzania LimitedMauritius100%100%??DGH UgandaMauritius100%100%??Frika Weave (PTY) LTDSouth Africa100%100%??Godrej Africa Holdings LimitedMauritius100%100%??Godrej Consumer Holdings (Netherlands) B.V.Netherlands100%100%??Godrej Consumer Investments (Chile) SpaChile100%100%??Godrej Consumer Products (Netherlands) B.V.Netherlands100%100%??Godrej Consumer Products Dutch Coöperatief U.A.Netherlands100%100%??Godrej Consumer Products Holding (Mauritius) LimitedMauritius100%100%??Godrej Consumer Products International (FZCO)Dubai100%100%??Godrej East Africa Holdings LtdMauritius100%100%??Godrej Global Mid East FZESharjah100%100%??Godrej Hair Care Nigeria LimitedNigeria100%100%??Godrej Hair Weave Nigeria LimitedNigeria100%100%??Godrej Holdings (Chile) LimitadaChile100%100%??Godrej Household Insecticide Nigeria LimitedNigeria100%100%??Godrej IIP Holdings LtdMauritius100%100%??Godrej International Trading Company (Sharjah)Sharjah100%100%??Godrej Mauritius Africa Holdings LimitedMauritius100%100%??Godrej MID East Holdings LimitedDubai100%100%??Godrej Netherlands B.V.Netherlands100%100%??Godrej Nigeria LimitedNigeria100%100%??Godrej Peru SACPeru100%100%Godrej SON Holdings INCUSA100%100%??Godrej Tanzania Holdings LtdMauritius100%100%??Godrej (UK) LtdUK100%100%??Godrej West Africa Holdings Ltd.Mauritius100%100%??Hair Credentials Zambia LimitedZambia100%100%??Hair Trading (offshore) S. A. LLebanon100%100%??Indovest CapitalLabuan100%100%??Issue Group Brazil LimitedBrazil100%100%??Kinky Group (Pty) LimitedSouth Africa100%100%??Laboratoria Cuenca S.AArgentina100%100%??Lorna Nigeria Ltd.Nigeria100%100%??Old Pro International IncUSA100%100%??Panamar Producciones S.A.Argentina100%100%??PT Ekamas SarijayaIndonesia100%100%??PT Indomas Susemi JayaIndonesia100%100%??PT Intrasari RayaIndonesia100%100%??PT Megasari MakmurIndonesia100%100%??PT Sarico IndahIndonesia100%100%??Sigma Hair Industries LimitedTanzania100%100%??Style Industries Uganda LimitedUganda100%100%??Strength of Nature LLCUSA100%100%??Strength of Nature South Africa Proprietary LimitedSouth Africa100%100%??
Name of the entity 
Country of Incorporation
Ownership interest held by the Group
Ownership interest held by non- controlling interest
March 31, 2019March 31, 2018March 31, 2019March 31, 2018Style Industries LimitedKenya100%100%??Subinite (Pty) Ltd.South Africa100%100%??Weave Ghana LtdGhana100%100%??Weave IP Holdings Mauritius Pvt. Ltd.Mauritius100%100%??Weave Mozambique LimitadaMozambique100%100%??Weave Senegal LtdSenegal100%100%??Weave Trading Mauritius Pvt. Ltd.Mauritius100%100%??Godrej Consumers Products Malaysia LtdMalaysia100%100%??Godrej CP Malaysia SDN. BHDMalaysia100%100%??NOTE 58 : GENERALAll amounts disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and notes have been rounded off to the nearest crore as per the requirements of Schedule III, unless otherwise stated.As per our report of even date attachedFor and on behalf of the BoardFor B S R & Co. LLPChartered AccountantsFirm Regn No. 101248W/W?100022Nisaba Godrej Executive Chairperson DIN: 00591503Vijay MathurV SrinivasanVivek GambhirPartnerChief Financial OfficerManaging Director & CEOM. No. 046476& Company SecretaryDIN: 6527810Mumbai: May 3, 2019

FORM AOC-I(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014) Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries/associate companies/joint ventures Part “A”: Subsidiaries(Information in respect of each subsidiary to be presented with amounts in `)
` Crore
Sl.No.
Name of the Subsidiary
Date when subsidiary was acquired
Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if different from the holding company’s reporting period
Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on the last date of the relevant Financial year in the case of foreign subsidiariesReporting  Exchange
Share capital
Reserves & surplus
 Total assets
  Total Liabilities
Investments Turnover
 Profit before taxation
Provision for taxation
Profit after taxation
Proposed Dividend
 % of share holding
Currencyrate1	Beleza Mozambique LDA13?10?201101?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019MZN1.09413.5341.12170.97116.310.00174.1122.960.0022.96?100%2	Consell SA02?06?201001?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019ARS1.5890.46(0.46)0.030.020.000.00(0.04)0.01(0.05)?100%3	Cosmetica Nacional20?04?201201?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019CPeso0.101130.3935.38210.2544.480.00167.626.610.865.76?100%4	Charm Industries Limited09?09?201401?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019KES0.6880.696.7823.6716.200.0026.810.493.15(2.66)?100%5	Canon Chemicals Limited05?05?201601?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019KES0.6889.3057.08119.2152.830.0098.132.390.861.53?75%*6	Darling Trading CompanyMauritius Ltd22?01?201501?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.3456.93101.52142.9034.456.9375.7075.750.0075.75?90%*7	Deciral SA02?06?201001?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019ARS1.5899.331.0920.089.650.0013.08(1.78)(0.41)(1.37)?100%8	DGH Phase Two Mauritius09?05?201201?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.345241.8123.82265.720.09277.193.092.920.402.52?90%*9	DGH Tanzania Limited06?12?201201?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.34566.66(0.78)65.960.0831.210.00(0.16)0.00(0.16)?100%10 DGH Uganda31?01?201701?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019UGX69.3450.00(0.23)0.000.230.000.00(0.09)0.00(0.09)?51%*11 Frika Weave (PTY) LTD06?01?201501?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019ZAR4.7385.25(2.49)2.800.040.000.790.670.130.54?100%12 Godrej Africa Holdings Limited19?01?201501?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.3452230.89171.912402.880.082402.6317.3317.280.0017.28?100%13 Godrej Consumer Holdings(Netherlands) B.V.31?03?201001?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.3450.18685.42685.680.08685.640.00(0.27)0.00(0.27)?100%14 Godrej Consumer Investments(Chile) Spa28?03?201201?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.345361.54(15.95)345.600.01345.580.00(0.01)0.00(0.01)?100%15 Godrej Consumer Products(Netherlands) B.V.31?03?201001?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.3450.1639.3939.630.0839.550.00(0.25)0.00(0.25)?100%16 Godrej Consumer ProductsBangladesh Ltd13?04?201001?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019Taka0.8230.04(0.11)0.040.120.000.00(0.01)0.00(0.01)?100%

Sl.No.
Name of the Subsidiary
Date when subsidiary was acquired
Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if different from the holding company’s reporting period
Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on the last date of the relevant Financial year in the case of foreign subsidiariesReporting  Exchange
Share capital
Reserves & surplus
 Total assets
  Total Liabilities
Investments Turnover
 Profit before taxation
Provision for taxation
Profit after taxation
Proposed Dividend
` Crore % of share holding
Currencyrate17 Godrej Consumer ProductsDutch Coöperatief U.A.24?03?201001?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.345594.70145.75743.803.35740.770.00(1.57)0.00(1.57)?100%18 Godrej Consumer ProductsHolding (Mauritius) Limited23?04?201001?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.3451301.93284.512147.70561.261597.4876.4654.370.0854.29?100%19 Godrej Consumer ProductsInternational (FZCO)28?02?201701?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.3456.94(12.68)451.35457.090.00606.7045.490.0045.49?90%*20 Godrej East Africa Holdings Ltd20?07?201201?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.345266.38(146.15)1167.431047.201163.721.50(41.73)0.00(41.73)?100%21 Godrej Global Mid East FZE05?07?201101?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019AED18.8388.642.6938.1526.830.0089.6712.210.0012.21?100%22 Godrej Hair Care Nigeria Limited02?03?201601?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019Naira0.2260.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.00?100%23 Godrej Hair Weave NigeriaLimited02?03?201601?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019Naira0.2260.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.00?100%24 Godrej Holdings (Chile) Limitada29?03?201201?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.345345.8445.82424.7333.07424.6415.8212.990.0012.99?100%25 Godrej Household Products(Bangladesh) Pvt. Ltd.01?04?201001?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019Taka0.82387.84(78.17)35.1125.440.0061.92(12.51)0.42(12.93)?100%26 Godrej Household Products(Lanka) Pvt. Ltd.01?04?201001?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019LKR0.39328.23(16.91)31.2319.910.0043.36(5.16)0.07(5.23)?100%27 Godrej Household InsecticideNigeria Limited12?01?201601?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019Naira0.2260.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.00?100%28 Godrej IIP Holdings Ltd17?03?201501?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.345878.670.24878.980.07878.3347.1547.240.0047.24?100%29 Godrej International TradingCompany (Sharjah)01?09?201601?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.3450.00(0.43)0.030.460.000.00(0.09)0.00(0.09)?51%*30 Godrej Mauritius Africa HoldingsLtd.14?03?201101?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.345976.13114.112927.741837.502325.4481.2740.820.0040.82?100%31 Godrej MID East HoldingsLimited28?07?201501?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.345878.3216.66895.570.590.0038.7737.060.0037.06?100%32 Godrej Netherlands B.V.19?10?200501?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019GBP90.4784.23462.49466.920.20354.42268.77265.650.00265.65?100%33 Godrej Nigeria Limited26?03?201001?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019Naira0.2260.3435.7896.6760.560.00156.6116.284.8811.41?100%34 Godrej Peru SAC11?04?201701?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019ARS1.5890.00(1.53)21.2222.740.0016.82(1.70)(0.46)(1.24)?100%

Sl.No.
Name of the Subsidiary
Date when subsidiary was acquired
Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if different from the holding company’s reporting period
Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on the last date of the relevant Financial year in the case of foreign subsidiariesReporting  Exchange
Share capital
Reserves & surplus
 Total assets
  Total Liabilities
Investments Turnover
 Profit before taxation
Provision for taxation
Profit after taxation
Proposed Dividend
` Crore % of share holding
Currencyrate35 Godrej SON Holdings INC22?03?201601?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.345538.12(25.85)1755.431243.171693.9550.3710.190.0010.19?100%36 Godrej South Africa ProprietaryLtd01?09?200601?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019ZAR4.7388.5583.7196.884.620.0050.64(11.32)(0.92)(10.40)?100%37 Godrej Tanzania Holdings Ltd30?11?201201?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.345127.07(4.95)252.01129.89114.301.67(2.28)0.00(2.28)?100%38 Godrej (UK) Ltd24?10?200501?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019GBP90.478102.55(1.01)104.623.0889.8138.32156.090.00156.09?100%39 Godrej West Africa HoldingsLtd.11?02?201401?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.345112.90(0.13)112.960.19112.950.00(0.16)0.00(0.16)?90%*40 Hair Credentials Zambia Limited23?12?201501?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019ZMK5.6970.02(2.15)19.9222.050.0020.63(7.36)2.06(9.42)?100%41 Hair Trading (offshore) S. A. L23?12?201501?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.3450.14102.48137.9935.370.00171.1376.170.0076.16?51%*42 Indovest Capital17?03?201001?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.3450.080.811.010.120.000.00(0.04)0.03(0.07)?100%43 Issue Group Brazil Limited23?05?201001?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019ARS1.58919.55(18.76)2.852.070.000.190.170.000.17?100%44 Kinky Group (Pty) Limited01?04?200801?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019ZAR4.7380.0015.7734.0118.240.0072.027.18(1.89)9.07?100%45 Laboratoria Cuenca S.A02?06?201001?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019ARS1.5892.4741.66131.7187.592.49182.32(17.12)(4.95)(12.17)?100%46 Lorna Nigeria Ltd.05?09?201101?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019Naira0.226124.3461.49283.5597.720.00408.32(12.67)3.25(15.92)?100%47 Old Pro International Inc28?04?201601?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.3450.00127.66127.660.000.000.000.000.000.00?100%48 Panamar Producciones S.A.02?06?201001?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019ARS1.5890.091.091.18(0.00)0.900.00(0.01)0.00(0.01)?100%49 PT Ekamas Sarijaya17?05?201001?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019IDR0.0051.2212.6714.200.310.001.460.630.080.55?100%50 PT Indomas Susemi Jaya17?05?201001?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019IDR0.0051.4062.4870.396.510.0044.6416.403.7512.65?100%51 PT Intrasari Raya17?05?201001?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019IDR0.0050.4984.73351.63266.420.001619.6217.324.7712.55?100%52 PT Megasari Makmur17?05?201001?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019IDR0.00571.39879.631317.39366.380.001353.46313.7578.38235.37?100%

Sl.No.
Name of the Subsidiary
Date when subsidiary was acquired
Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if different from the holding company’s reporting period
Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on the last date of the relevant Financial year in the case of foreign subsidiariesReporting  Exchange
Share capital
Reserves & surplus
 Total assets
  Total Liabilities
Investments Turnover
 Profit before taxation
Provision for taxation
Profit after taxation
Proposed Dividend
` Crore % of share holding
Currencyrate53 PT Sarico Indah17?05?201001?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019IDR0.0053.277.2913.663.100.0024.180.410.060.35?100%54 Sigma Hair Industries Limited19?12?201201?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019TZS0.03029.33(22.34)54.2947.300.0076.08(6.67)0.24(6.91)?100%55 Style Industries Uganda Limited15?06?201601?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019UGX0.0190.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.00?51%*56 Strength of Nature LLC28?04?201601?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.3450.002166.602247.2280.6231.38571.7745.095.0940.00?100%57 Strength of Nature South AfricaProprietary Limited28?04?201601?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019ZAR4.7380.004.595.200.610.000.353.480.982.51?100%58 Style Industries Limited01?11?201201?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019KES0.6880.84160.70292.13130.600.00334.95(23.15)22.37(45.53)?90%*59 Subinite (Pty) Ltd.06?09?201101?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019ZAR4.7380.0046.25255.71209.460.00451.64(37.77)(10.23)(27.54)?90%*60 Weave Ghana Ltd16?09?201401?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019CEDI13.46557.13(3.16)80.6326.650.00112.150.460.000.46?100%61 Weave IP Holdings MauritiusPvt. Ltd.11?07?201101?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.3450.041.691.860.130.001.681.360.251.10?90%*62 Weave Mozambique Limitada13?10?201101?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019MZN1.09413.51141.35165.9011.050.0096.00(6.78)(1.63)(5.15)?90%*63 Weave Senegal Ltd08?04?201601?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019XOF0.11917.49(18.23)13.6114.340.006.93(9.42)0.00(9.42)?100%64 Weave Trading Mauritius Pvt.Ltd.05?07?201101?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019USD69.3450.010.610.830.220.1434.6734.560.0034.56?51%*65 Godrej Consumers ProductsMalaysia Ltd07?02?201801?Apr?2018 To31?Mar?2019MYR17.0050.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.00?100%66 Godrej CP Malaysia SDN. BHD04?06?201804?Jun?2018 To31?Mar?2019MYR17.0050.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.00?100%* Financials of subsidiaries, associate and joint venture were considered 100% in consolidated financails statementsNames of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations:Godrej Hair Care Nigeria LimitedGodrej Household Insecticide Nigeria Limited Godrej Hair Weave Nigeria LimitedGodrej Consumers Products Malaysia Limited Godrej CP Malaysia SDN. BHDNames of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year:Godrej Consumer Products (UK) Limited
PART “B”: ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURESStatement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures
Latest
Shares of Associate/Joint Venturesheld by the company on the year end	Description of how
Reason why the
  Net worth attributable to
` CroreProfit / (Loss) for FY 19
Sl.No.
Name of Associates/Joint Ventures
auditedBalance
No. 
Amount of Investment in
Extend of
there is significant influence
associate/jointventure is not
Shareholdingas per latest
Considered in
Not Considered
1. Names of associate or joint venture which are yet to commence operations - NIL2. Names of associate or joint venture which have been liquidated or sold during the year --	Godrej Easy IP Holdings (FZC)For and on behalf of the BoardNisaba GodrejVivek GambhirV SrinivasanExecutive ChairpersonManaging Director & CEOChief Financial Officer &DIN: 00591503DIN: 6527810Company SecretaryDate: May 3, 2019
   GODREJ CONSUMER PRODUCTS LIMITEDRegistered Office:Godrej One, 4th Floor, Pirojshanagar, Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli (East), Mumbai - 400 079Tel.: +91 22 25188010/20/30 Fax: +91 22 25188040Website: www.godrejcp.com E-mail: investor.relations@godrejcp.comCIN: L24246MH2000PLC129806NOTICE OF AGM
NOTICE is hereby given that the 19th ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING(AGM) of the members of GODREJ CONSUMER PRODUCTS LIMITEDwill be held on Thursday, August 1, 2019, at 1.30 p.m. at Godrej One, 1st  Floor Auditorium, Pirojshanagar,Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli (East), Mumbai- 400079 to transact the following businesses:ORDINARY BUSINESS1. To receive, consider and adopt the audited financial statements (both standalone and consolidated) of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2019 and Report of the Board of Directors and Auditor’s Report thereon;2. To confirm the Interim Dividends paid during fiscal year 2018-19;3. To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Nadir Godrej (DIN: 00066195), who retires by rotation, and being eligible, offers himself for re- appointment;4. To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Jamshyd Godrej (DIN: 00076250), who retires by rotation, and being eligible, offers himself for re- appointment;
SPECIAL BUSINESSTo consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s) the following resolutions:5. Ordinary Resolution for the ratification of remuneration payable to M/s. P. M. Nanabhoy & Co. (Firm Membership number 000012), appointed as Cost Auditors of the Company for the fiscal year 2019-20‘RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 148 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, M/s. P. M. Nanabhoy & Co. (Firm Membership number 000012), Cost Accountants, appointed as Cost Auditors by the Board of Directors to audit the cost records of the Company for the fiscal year 2019-20, be paid a remuneration of ` 6,39,000/- per annum plus applicable taxes and out-of-pocket expenses that may be incurred.RESOLVED FURTHER THAT theBoard of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorised to perform all such acts and take all such steps as may be necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution’.6. 
Special Resolution for re- appointment of Mr. Narendra Ambwani as an Independent Director of the Company for a second term“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 152 read with Schedule IV and other applicable provisions, if any, ofthe Companies Act, 2013 and any rules made thereunder (including any statutory modifications orre-enactment thereof, for the time being in force) (the “Companies Act”) and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and pursuant to the provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company and subject to such other approvals as may be required,Mr. Narendra Ambwani (DIN: 00236658), who is appointed as Additional and Independent Director by the Board of Directors of the Company and who has submitteda declaration that he meets with the criteria of independence as provided in Section 149 (6) of the Companies Act, 2013, be and is hereby reappointed  as an Independent Director, for thesecond term commencing from July 28, 2019 till November 14, 2023.
7. Special Resolution for re- appointment of Mr. Aman Mehta as an Independent Director of the Company for a second term“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 152 read with Schedule IV and other applicable provisions, if any, ofthe Companies Act, 2013 and any rules made thereunder (including any statutory modifications orre-enactment thereof, for the time being in force) (the “Companies Act”) and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)Regulations, 2015 and pursuant to the provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company and subject to such other approvals as may be required and Mr.Aman Mehta (DIN: 00009364) who has submitted a declaration that he meets with the criteria ofindependence as provided in Section 149 (6) of the Companies Act, 2013, be and is hereby re-appointed asan Independent Director of the Company, for the second term commencing from September 26, 2019 till August 31, 2021.”8. Special Resolution for re- appointment of Dr. Omkar Goswami as an Independent Director of the Company for a second term“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 152 read with Schedule IV and other applicable provisions, if any, ofthe Companies Act, 2013 and any rules made thereunder (including any statutory modifications orre-enactment thereof, for the time being in force) (the “Companies Act”) and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)Regulations, 2015 and pursuant to the provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company and subject to such other approvals as may be required, Dr. Omkar Goswami (DIN: 00004258) who has submitted a declaration
that he meets with the criteria of independence as provided inSection 149 (6) of the Companies Act, 2013, be and is herebyre-appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, for the second term commencing from September 26, 2019 till September25 2024.”9. Special Resolution for re- appointment of Ms. Ireena Vittal as an Independent Director of the Company for a second term“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 152 read with Schedule IV and other applicable provisions, if any, ofthe Companies Act, 2013 and any rules made thereunder (including any statutory modifications orre-enactment thereof, for the time being in force) (the “Companies Act”) and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)Regulations, 2015 and  pursuant to the provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company and subject to such other approvals as may be required, Ms. Ireena Vittal(DIN: 05195656) who has submitted a declaration that she meets with the criteria of independence as provided in Section 149 (6) ofthe Companies Act, 2013, be and is hereby re-appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, for the second termcommencing from September 26, 2019 till September 25 2024.”10. Ordinary Resolution for re- appointment of Ms. Nisaba Godrej as Whole-time Director(DIN: 00591503)“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 152, 196, 197, and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) or re- enactment(s) thereof), Ms. Nisaba Godrej (DIN: 00591503) be and is hereby re-appointed as Whole-
time Director of the Company to  hold office from July 1, 2019 till September 30, 2022, upon the remuneration as may be determined and agreed to between the Board of Directors and Ms. Nisaba Godrej, on the following terms and conditions:I. Period of appointment: July 1, 2019 to September 30, 2022II. RemunerationA. Fixed CompensationFixed Compensation shall include Basic Salary, Company’sContribution to Provident Fund and Gratuity.The Basic Salary shall be in the range of ` 12,50,000 – `18,50,000/- per month, payable monthly. The annual increments will be decided by the Board of Directors andwill be merit based and take into account other relevant factors.The Company’s contribution to Gratuity shall be according to the rules of the Company, in force from time-to-time.B. Variable Compensation Performance Linked Variable Remuneration (PLVR) relating to the financial years during the periodof appointment shall be according to the applicable scheme of the Company or as may be decided by the Board of Directors.C. Flexible CompensationIn addition to the fixed compensation and variable compensation, Ms. Nisaba Godrej will be entitled to the following allowances, perquisites, benefits, facilities and amenities as per rules of the Company and subject to the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013(collectively called “perquisites and allowances”).These perquisites and allowances may be granted to Ms. Nisaba
Godrej in such form and manner as the Board may decide.• Housing as per rules of the Company (i.e. unfurnished residential accommodation as per Company’s rules OR HouseRent Allowance as per Company’s rules;• Furnishing at residence as per rules of the Company;• Supplementary Allowance;• Leave Travel Allowance in accordance with the rules of the Company;• Payment/reimbursement of medical/hospitalisationexpenses in accordance with the rules of the Company.• Group insurance cover, group mediclaim cover in accordance with the rules of the Company;• Payment/reimbursement ofclub fees, food vouchers, petrol reimbursement;• Company car with driver for official use, provision of telephone(s) at residence;• Payment/reimbursement of telephone expenses;• Housing Loan as per rules of the Company, Contingency Loan as per rules of the Company. These loans shall be subject to Central Government approval, if any;• Consolidated privilege  leave, on full pay and allowance, not exceeding 30 days in a financialyear. Encashment/accumulation of leave will be permissiblein accordance with the rules specified by the Company. Sick leave as per the rules of the Company;• Such other perquisites and
allowances as per the policy/ rules of the Company in force and/or as may be approved by the Board from time to timeExplanation:Perquisites shall be evaluated at actual cost or if the cost is not ascertainable, the same shall be valued as per Income Tax Rules.III. Overall RemunerationThe aggregate of salary and perquisites as specified above or paid additionally inaccordance with the rules of the Company in any financial year, which the Board in its absolute discretion may pay to Ms.Nisaba Godrej from time-to- time, shall not exceed the limits prescribed from time-to-time under Section 197 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule V to the said Act as may for the time being, bein force.IV. Minimum RemunerationNot withstanding the foregoing, where in any financial year during the currency of the tenure of Ms. Nisaba Godrej, the Company has no profits or its profits are inadequate, the remuneration will be subject tothe limits specified in Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013.Notes:Ms. Nisaba Godrej shall not, during the continuance of her employment or at any time thereafter, divulge or  disclose to whomsoever or make any use whatsoever, whether for her own or for any other purpose other than that of the Company, any information or knowledge obtained by her during her employment, and it shall beMs. Nisaba Godrej’s endeavor, during the continuance of her employment, to prevent any
other person from disclosing the aforesaid information.If Ms. Nisaba Godrej is guilty of such inattention to or negligence in the conduct of the business of the Company or of misconduct or of any other act or omission inconsistent with her dutiesas director or any breach of these terms, as in the opinion of all other Directors renders her retirement from the office desirable, the opinion of such other Directors shall be final, conclusive and binding on herand the Company may, by giving thirty days’ notice in writing, terminate this appointmentand she shall cease to be the Director of the Company, upon expiration of such notice.In the event of any re- enactment or re-codification of the Companies Act, 2013 or the Income Tax Act, 1961 or amendments thereto, the foregoing shall continue toremain in force and the reference to various provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 or the Income Tax Act, 1961 shall be deemed to be substituted bythe corresponding provisions of the new Act or the amendments thereto or the Rules and notifications issued thereunder.11. Ordinary Resolution for re- appointment of Mr. Vivek Gambhir as Managing Director &  CEO (DIN: 06527810)“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 152, 196, 197, 203 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) orre-enactment(s) thereof), Mr. Vivek Gambhir DIN (06527810) be and is hereby re-appointed as Whole-time Director, designated as ‘Managing Director and CEO’ of the Company to hold office
from  July 1,  2019 to September30, 2022, upon the remuneration as may be determined and agreed to between the Board of Directors and Mr. Vivek Gambhir, on the following terms and conditions:I. Period of appointment: July 1, 2019 to September 30, 2022II. RemunerationA. Fixed CompensationFixed Compensation shall include Basic Salary, Company’s Contribution to Provident Fund and Gratuity.The Basic Salary shall be in the range of ` 26,50,000 – ` 36,75,000/-per month, payablemonthly. The annual increments will be decided by the Board of Directors and will be merit based and take into account other relevant factors.The Company’s contribution to Gratuity shall be according to the rules of the Company, in force from time-to-time.B. Long term Incentives(i) Performance Linked Variable Remuneration (PLVR) relating to the financial years during the period of appointment shall be according to the applicable scheme of the Company or as may be decided by the Board of Directors.(ii) Long Term Incentives as may be approved by the Board of Directors.(iii) Stock Grants under the Company’ Employee Stock Grant Scheme (ESGS).C. Flexible CompensationIn addition to the fixed compensation and long term incentives, Mr. Vivek Gambhir will be entitled to the following
allowances,  perquisites, benefits, facilities and amenities as per rules of the Company and subject to the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (collectively called “perquisites and allowances”).These perquisites and allowances may be granted to Mr. Vivek Gambhir in such form and manner as the Board may decide.• Housing as per rules of the Company (i.e. unfurnished residential accommodation as per Company’s rules OR House Rent Allowance as per Company’s rules;• Furnishing at residence as per rules of the Company;• Supplementary allowance;• Leave Travel Allowance in accordance with the rules of the Company;• Payment/reimbursement of medical/hospitalisationexpenses in accordance with the rules of the Company;• Group insurance cover, group mediclaim cover in accordance with the rules of the Company;• Payment/reimbursement of club fees, food vouchers, petrol reimbursement;• Company car with driver for official use, provision of telephone(s) at residence;• Payment/reimbursement of telephone expenses;• Housing Loan as per rules of the Company, Contingency Loan as per rules of the Company. These loansshall be subject to Central Government approval, if any;• 
Consolidated privilege leave, on full pay and allowance, not exceeding 30 days in a financial year. Encashment/ accumulation of leave will be permissible in accordancewith the rules specified by the Company. Sick leave as per the rules of the Company;• Such other perquisites and allowances as per the policy/ rules of the Company in force and/or s may be approved by the Board from time to time.Explanation: Perquisites shall be evaluated at actual cost or if the cost is not ascertainablethe same shall be valued as per Income Tax Rules.III. Overall RemunerationThe aggregate of salary and perquisites as specified above or paid additionally in accordance with the rules of the Companyin any financial year, which the Board in its absolute discretion may pay to Mr. Gambhir from time-to-time, shall not exceed the limits prescribed from time- to-time under Section 197 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule V to the said Act as may for the time being, be in force.IV. Minimum Remuneration Notwithstanding the foregoing, where in any financial year during the currency of the tenure of Mr. Gambhir, the Company has no profits or its profits are inadequate, the remuneration will be subject to the limits specified in Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013.Notes:a) Mr. Gambhir is liable to retire by rotation. The appointment is terminable by giving three months’ notice in writing on either side.
b) Mr. Gambhir shall not, during the continuance of his employment  or at any time thereafter, divulge or disclose towhomsoever or make any use whatsoever, whether for his own or  for  any other purpose other than that of the Company, any information or knowledge obtained by him during his employment, and it shallbe Mr. Gambhir’s endeavor, during the continuance of his employment, to prevent any other person from disclosing the aforesaid information.c) If Mr. Gambhir is guilty of such inattention to ornegligence in the conductof the business of the
Notes:
2013 or the Income Tax Act, 1961 or amendments thereto, the foregoing shall continue to remain in force and the reference to variousprovisions of the Companies Act, 2013 or the Income Tax Act, 1961 shall be deemed to be substituted by the corresponding provisionsof the new Act or the amendments thereto or the Rules and notifications issued thereunder.By Order of the Board of DirectorsV SrinivasanChief Financial Officer & Company SecretaryMumbai, June 21, 2019
cent of the total voting share capital of the Company provided that such a person shall not act as a proxy for any other person.3. Proxy-holders are requested to carry an Identity Proof at the time of attending the meeting.4. Members are requested to bring their copy of the Annual Report to the AGM.5. Members are requested to send in their queries at least a week  in advance to the Chief FinancialOfficer & Company Secretary at the Registered Office of the Company to facilitate clarifications during the meeting.6. The route map for the venue of the meeting has been provided in the attendance slip.
Company or of misconduct or of any other act or omission inconsistent with his duties as director  or any breach of these terms, as in the opinion of  all other Directors renders his retirement from the office desirable, the opinion ofsuch other Directors shall be final, conclusive and binding on him, and the Company may, by giving thirty days’ notice in writing to him, determine this Agreement and he shall cease to bethe Managing Director & CEO of the Company, upon expiration of such notice.d) In the event of any re- enactment or re-codification of the Companies Act,1. 
The statement pursuant to Section102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 with respect to the special business set out in the Notice is annexed herewith.2. A member entitled to attend and vote is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and on poll, to vote on his/her behalf. Such a proxy need not be a member of the Company. The enclosed proxy form should be deposited at the Registered Office of the Companynot less than 48 hours before the commencement of the AGM.A person shall not act as a Proxy for more than 50 members and holding, in aggregate, not more than 10 per cent of the total voting share capital of the Company. However, a single person may act as a proxy for a member holding more than 10 per
7. Members are requested to  note that as per Section 124 of the Companies Act, 2013, dividends 7 years from the date of transfer to the Company’s Unpaid Dividend Account shall be transferred to the ‘Investor Education and Protection Fund’ (IEPF) of the Government. Unclaimed Dividends, as per the details given in the table below, will be transferred to the IEPF on the dates mentioned in the table. Those members who have not, so far, encashed these dividend warrants or any subsequent dividendwarrants may claim or approach our Registrars, Computech Sharecap Ltd., 147, M. G. Road,  Fort, Mumbai 400001 (e-mail: gcpl@ computechsharecap.in) or the Company for payment thereof.
Dividend PeriodType of DividendPaid inDue date for transfer2012-131st InterimAugust 2012September 9, 20192012-132nd InterimNovember 2012December 9, 20192012-133rd InterimFebruary 2013March 8, 20202013-144th InterimMay 2013June 5, 20202013-141st InterimAugust 2013September 8, 2020
Please note that Section 124(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 also provides that all shares in respect of which the dividend of last 7 consecutive years has remainedunclaimed, shall also be transferred to the IEPF.Hence, it is in the shareholders’ interest to claim any uncashed dividends and for future dividends, opt for Electronic Credit of dividend so that dividends paid by the Company are credited to the investor’s account on time.8. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) vide its circular dated 20th April, 2018 has mandated registration of Permanent Account Number (PAN) and Bank Account Details for all securities holders. Members holding shares in physical form are therefore, requested to submit their PAN and Bank Account Details to Computech Sharecap Limited / Investor Relations Department of the Company by sending a duly signed letter along with self-attested copy of PAN Card and original cancelled cheque. The original cancelled cheque should bear the name of the Member. Members holding shares in demat form are requested to submitthe aforesaid information to their respective Depository Participant. Henceforth, the Company will not
be in position to issue Demand Drafts for dividends to those shareholders whose Bank account details are not updated.9. Details as stipulated under Listing Regulations in respect of the Directors being appointed/re- appointed are attached herewith to the Notice.10. E-votingIn accordance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, and the Secretarial Standards issued by the Instituteof Company Secretaries of India, the Company is pleased to provide its members the facility to exercise their right to vote at the 19th AGM through electronic means andthe business may be transacted through the e-voting services provided by the Central Depository Services Limited (CDSL).The instructions for members for voting electronically are as follows:-(i) The e-voting facility is available from 9.00 a.m. on Sunday,July 28, 2019 to 5.00 p.m. onWednesday, July 31, 2019. The e-voting module shall be disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter. During this period,
shareholders of the Company, holding shares either in physical or dematerialised (demat) form, as on the cut-off date, Thursday, July 25, 2019, may cast their vote electronically.(ii) The shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www. evotingindia.com.(iii) Click on Shareholders.(iv) Enter their User IDa. For CDSL use the 16-digit beneficiary ID,b. For NSDL use the8-character DP ID followed by a 8-digit Client ID,c. Members holding shares in the physical Form should enter the Folio Number registered with the Company.(v) Next, enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login.(vi) If shareholders hold shares in demat form and have previously logged on to www.evotingindia. com and have voted earlier on  a poll of any company, then theexisting password is to be used.
(vii) First time users should follow the following steps:For Members holding shares in demat and physical formsPAN	Enter your 10-digit alpha-numeric PAN issued by the Income Tax Department (Applicable for both demat as well as physical shareholders)• Members who have not updated their PAN with the Company/Depository Participant are requested to enter the sequence numbers provided on the address label.
Dividend Bank Details OR Date of Birth (DOB)
Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in the dd/mm/yyyy format) as recorded in your demat account or in the Company records to login.• If both the details are not recorded with the depository or Company please enter the member ID/folio number in the Dividend Bank details field as mentioned in instruction (iv).

(viii) After entering these details appropriately, click on ‘SUBMIT’ tab.(ix) Members holding shares in the physical form will then directly reach the Company selection screen. However, members holding shares in demat form  will now reach the ‘Password Creation’ menu, wherein they are required to mandatorily enter their login password in the new password field. Kindly note that this password is also to be usedby the demat holders for voting for resolutions of any other company for which they are eligible tovote, provided that the company opts for e-voting through the CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and to take utmost care to keep your password confidential.(x) For members holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for e-voting on theresolutions contained in this Notice.(xi) Click on the EVSN for GODREJ CONSUMER PRODUCTS LIMITED to vote.(xii) On the voting page, you will see ‘RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION’ and against the same the option ‘YES/NO’ for voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired.The option YES implies that you assent to the Resolution and option NO implies that you dissent to the Resolution.(xiii) Click on the ‘RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK’ if you wish to view the entire Resolution details.(xiv) After selecting the resolution, you have decided to voteon, click on ‘SUBMIT’. A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on ‘OK’, elseto change your vote, click on ‘CANCEL’ and accordingly modify your vote.(xv) 
Once you ‘CONFIRM’ your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.(xvi) You can also take a print of the votes cast by clicking on ‘Click here to print’ option on the voting page.(xvii) If a demat account holder has forgotten the changedpassword, then enter the User ID and the image verification code and click on ‘FORGOT PASSWORD’ and enter the details as prompted by the system.(xviii) Shareholders can also cast their vote using CDSL’s mobile app m-Voting available for android- based mobiles. The m-Voting app can be downloaded from Google Play Store/Apple Store. Please follow the  instructions as prompted by the mobile app while voting on your mobile.(xix) Note for Non-Individual Shareholders and Custodians• Non-individual shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, including HUFs, NRIs,etc.) and Custodians are required to log on to www. evotingindia.com and register themselves as Corporates.• A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be emailed to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia. com.• After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be created using the admin login and password. The Compliance User will be able to link the account(s) for which they wish to vote.• The list of accounts linked in the login should be mailed to
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia. com, and on approval of the accounts, they will be able to cast their vote.• A scanned copy  of  the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney (POA), which they have issued in favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in the PDF format in the system for the scrutiniser to verifythe same.(xx) In case you have any queries or issues regarding e-voting, you may refer the FrequentlyAsked Questions (FAQs) and the e-voting manual available on www.evotingindia.com, under help section or write an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.comWebcast(xxi) The Company is pleased to provide one-way live webcast of the proceedings of the AGM on August 1, 2019 from 1.30p.m. onwards at the web link https://www.evotingindia.com On this page, click on the link Shareholders / Members, the web cast link would be available adjacent to our EVSN No. 190624010.11. In case of members who are attending the AGM and are entitled to vote but have not exercised their right to vote electronically, the Executive Chairperson of the Company will order a poll on her  own  motion for all businesses specified in theaccompanying Notice. Poll papers will be distributed at  the  meeting to enable such shareholdersto cast their vote. For clarity, please note that the members who have exercised their right to vote electronically shall not vote by way of poll at the Meeting.The voting rights of the members shall be in proportion to their shares of the paid-up equity share
capital of the Company as on the cut-off/record date i.e. July 25, 2019. The poll process shall be conducted and scrutinised anda report thereon will be prepared in  accordance with Section 109 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Rules made thereunder.12. Mr. Kalidas Vanjpe, Practising Company Secretary, (Membership No. FCS 7132) or, failing him,Ms. Bhavana Shewakramani (Membership No. FCS 8636) has been appointed as the Scrutiniser to scrutinise the e-voting process (including the poll cast by the Members at the AGM) in a fair and transparent manner.13. The Scrutiniser shall, within a period not exceeding 3 working daysfrom the date of close of e-voting, unlock the votes in the presence  of at least two witnesses, not in  the employment of the Company and shall forthwith prepare the Scrutiniser’s Report of the votes cast in favour of or against, if any, on the resolutions and submit the same to the Executive Chairperson or the Managing Director & CEO of the Company.14. The results of e-voting and the poll on resolutions shall be aggregated and declared on or after the AGM  of the Company and the resolutions will be deemed to be passed on the AGM date, subject to the receipt of the requisite numbers of votes in favour of the resolutions.15. The results declared along with the Scrutiniser’s Report shall be
placed on the Company website www.godrejcp.com within 2 days of passing of the resolutions at the AGM of the Company and communicated to the StockExchanges, where the shares of the Company are listed and traded.By Order of the Board of DirectorsV SrinivasanChief Financial Officer & Company SecretaryMumbai, June 21, 2019EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013ITEM 5Pursuant to Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 14 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, the Company is required to appoint a Cost Auditor to audit the cost records for applicable products of the Company.On the recommendation of the Audit Committee, at its meeting held on May 3, 2019, the Board considered and approved the re-appointment of M/s. P.M. Nanabhoy & Co., Cost Accountants as the Cost Auditor for the fiscalyear 2019-20 at a remuneration of ` 6,39,000/- per annum plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of out-of- pocket expenses.The Board of Directors recommend the Ordinary Resolution as set out in Item No. 5 of the Notice for the approval of the shareholders.None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP), or their relatives
are, in any way, concerned with or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said resolution.ITEM 6,7,8 and 9Pursuant to the provisions of Section 149 of the Companies Act 2013 (“Act”) read with the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, Mr. Narendra Ambwani was appointed as an Independent Director at the Annual General Meeting of the  Company held on July 28, 2014 for a periodof five years from July 28,2014 to July 27, 2019 (“First Term”). Mr. Aman Mehta, Dr. Omkar Goswami, Ms. Ireena Vittal were  appointed as Independent Directors on theBoard of the Company by resolution passed by the shareholders by postal ballot for a period of five years from September 26, 2014 to September25, 2019 (“First Term”). Pursuant to  the provisions of Section 149 of the Act, the above Independent Directors of the Company are eligible for re- appointment for a second term on the basis of the report of performance evaluation and are not liable to retire by rotation.The Company has received a notice in writing from a Member of the Company proposing the candidatures of allthe above Directors for the office of Director of the Company.Accordingly, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors, on the basis of the report of performance evaluation of Independent Directors, has recommended the re-appointment of the Independent Directors as under:
Names of Independent Director	Proposed tenure for second termMr. Narendra Ambwani	From July 28, 2019 till November 14, 2023.Mr. Aman Mehta	From September 26, 2019 till August 31, 2021.Dr. Omkar Goswami	From September 26, 2019 till September 25, 2024.Ms. Ireena Vittal	From September 26, 2019 till September 25, 2024.
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and
the background and experience and contributions made by Independent Directors during their tenure, is of the
opinion that it would be beneficial for the Company to continue Mr.Narendra Ambwani, Mr. Aman Mehta,
Dr. Omkar Goswami, Ms. Ireena Vittal, as Independent Directors on the Board. Accordingly, it is proposed tore-appoint them for the second term as specified above.In the opinion of the Board, all the above Independent Directors proposed to be reappointed fulfils the conditions specified in the Act and the Listing Regulations and are independentof the management. The Board has also received a declaration from the Independent Directors that they meetthe criteria of independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16 of the Listing Regulations.Accordingly, the Board recommends the passing of the resolutions as mentioned in the item nos. 6, 7, 8 and 9 of this Notice. The details of the Directors along with a brief resume is given in the Annexure to the Notice.The draft letters of appointment ofMr. Aman Mehta, Dr. Omkar Goswami, Ms. Ireena Vittal, Mr. Narendra Ambwani setting out the terms and conditions of appointment are available for inspection at the registered officeof the Company during the business hours on all working days (Monday to Friday) except public holidays, up to the date of the AGM.No Director, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives except the concerned Director, to whom the resolution relates,
is concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the above resolutions.ITEM 10 & 11The Board of Directors at its meeting held on May 3, 2019 approved there-appointment of Ms. Nisaba Godrej as Whole-time Director and Mr. Vivek Gambhir as Managing Director & CEO, for a period from July 1, 2019  to September 30, 2022, subject to the shareholders’ approval.The Board has also approved the continuation of Ms. Nisaba Godrej as the Executive Chairperson till  March 31, 2020. As per the amendments to the SEBI Listing Regulations scheduled to come into effect from April 1, 2020, top 500 listed companies are mandated to ensure that the Chairperson of the Board is a Non-Executive Director.Accordingly, upon the  amendment to the Listing Regulations coming into effect from April 1, 2020 or suchextended date as may be determined by SEBI, the Board shall ensurethat the position of Chairperson is in compliance with the applicableprovisions of the Listing Regulations.The details of Ms. Nisaba Godrej and Mr. Vivek Gambhir, as required to be given pursuant to the ListingRegulations and Secretarial Standards, are attached to the Notice.For brevity, the particulars of the proposed remuneration, perquisites, and
benefits payable to Ms. Nisaba Godrej and Mr. Vivek Gambhir are not being set out in the explanatory statement and the members are requested to refer to the same as set out in the body of the respective resolutions.The agreements proposed to be entered into with Ms. Nisaba Godrej  for her re-appointment as Whole-time Director and Mr. Vivek Gambhir for his re-appointment as Managing  Director & CEO are available for inspection at the registered office of the Company during business hours on all working days (Monday to Friday), except public holidays, up to the date of the AGM.The Board believes that the Company will benefit from their professional expertise and rich experience. Hence, the Board recommends the resolution at item no. 10 and 11 to the members for their approval.Mr. Adi Godrej, Ms. Tanya Dubash, Mr. Pirojsha Godrej and Ms. Nisaba Godrej herself are interested in the resolution under item no 10. Mr. Vivek Gambhir is interested in the resolution under item no 11.By Order of the Board of DirectorsV SrinivasanChief Financial Officer & Company SecretaryMumbai, June 21, 2019
Information pursuant to the Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standards with respect to appointment or re- appointment of DirectorsNames of DirectorNadir GodrejJamshyd GodrejNarendra AmbwaniCategoryNon-Executive DirectorNon-Executive DirectorIndependent DirectorDIN000661950007625000236658Date of Birth and AgeAugust 26, 195167 yearsJanuary 24, 194970 yearsNovember 15, 194870 yearsQualificationB.S Chem Engg (M.I.T, U.S.A), M.S Chem Engg. (Stanford, U.S.A)B.S, IIT, Chicago,U.S.AB.Tech. in Electrical Engineering from IIT Kanpur, PGDM from IIM Ahemdabad.Nature of Expertise/ ExperienceIndustrialistIndustrialistBusiness Strategy Advisor and Coaching peopleBrief ResumeAppended at end of this tableAppended at end of this tableAppended at end of this tableFirst Appointment on the BoardNovember 29, 2000March 1, 2001May 2, 2011Terms & Conditions ofRe-appointment as a Non-ExecutiveRe-appointment as a Non-ExecutiveRe-appointment as an IndependentAppointment / re-appointmentDirector subject to retirement by rotationDirector subject to retirement by rotationDirector for second termLast DrawnLast drawn remuneration is given inLast drawn remuneration is given inAs a Non-Executive IndependentRemunerationthe Corporate Governance Sectionthe Corporate Governance SectionDirector, he is entitled to sittingDetails along withof the Annual Report. As a Non-of the Annual Report. As a Non-fees for attending meetings of theremuneration sought toExecutive Director, he is entitled toExecutive Director, he is entitled toBoard/Committee and Commissionbe paidsitting fees for attending meetings of the Board/Committee and Commission on Profits as may be approved by the shareholders from time-time within the limits set out in the Companies Act, 2013.sitting fees for attending meetings of the Board/Committee and Commission on Profits as may be approved by the shareholders from time-time within the limits set out in the Companies Act, 2013.on Profits as may be approved by the shareholders from time-totime within the limits set out in the Companies Act, 2013No. of shares held in GCPL as at March 31, 201963Nil3,000Relationship with other Directors/ Manager/ KMPBrother of Adi GodrejNot relatedNot relatedNo. of Board meetings attended out of 4 meetings held during the year434Directorship detailsListed Public Companies:Listed Public Companies:Listed Public Companies:Godrej Industries LimitedGodrej Consumer Products LimitedGodrej Consumer Products LimitedGodrej Consumer Products LimitedGodrej Industries LimitedAgro Tech Foods LimitedGodrej Agrovet LimitedGodrej Agrovet LimitedRPG Life Sciences LimitedGodrej Properties LimitedGodrej Properties LimitedParag Milk Foods Limited
Astec Lifesciences Limited Mahindra And Mahindra Limited The Indian Hotels Company Limited Private Companies:Isprava Vesta Private LimitedPublic Companies:Godrej & Boyce Mfg. Co. Limited Creamline Dairy Products Limited Godrej Tyson Foods Limited Foreign Companies:Godrej International LimitedACI Godrej Agrovet Private LimitedOthers:ABG Venture LLP NBG Enterprise LLPAnamudi Real Estate LLP Partner in RKN Enterprises
Public Companies:Godrej & Boyce Mfg. Co. LimitedPrivate Companies:Illinois Institute of Technology (India) Private LimitedGodrej UEP Private LimitedForeign Companies: Godrej (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Godrej (Vietnam) Company Ltd.Godrej & Khimji (Middle East) LLC Urban Electric Power Inc.Singapore-India Partnership Foundation, SingaporeWorld Resources Institute, USA Climate Works Foundation, USA
Public Companies:UTV Software Communications LimitedPrivate Companies:Zeus Career & Performance Coach Private LimitedForeign Companies:Strength of Nature LLCGodrej Consumer Products Holding (Mauritius ) LimitedGodrej Africa Holdings Limited
Names of Director	Nadir Godrej	Jamshyd Godrej	Narendra AmbwaniOthers:Breach Candy Hospital TrustSingapore-India Partnership Foundation, IndiaShakti Sustainable Energy FoundationRaptor Research and Conservation FoundationIndian Machine Tool Manufacturers AssociationGodrej & Boyce Enterprise LLP JNG Enterprise LLPRKN Enterprise LLP
Committee Positions	Member:Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee:Godrej Industries LimitedAudit Committee:The Indian Hotels Co. Limited Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd.Nomination & Remuneration Committee:The Indian Hotels Co. Limited Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd.Corporate Social Responsibility Committee:The Indian Hotels Co. Limited Godrej Agrovet LimitedRisk Management Committee: The Indian Hotels Co. Limited Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd.Chairman:Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee:Godrej Consumer Products LimitedThe Indian Hotels Co. Limited Godrej Agrovet LimitedCorporate Social Responsibility Committee:Godrej Consumer Products LimitedGodrej Industries LimitedRisk Management Committee: Godrej Industries Limited Godrej Agrovet Limited
Member:Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee:Godrej Consumer Products Limited
Member:Audit Committee:Godrej Consumer Products Limited Agro Tech Foods LimitedParag Milk Foods Limited RPG Life Sciences LimitedUTV Software Communications LimitedNomination & Remuneration Committee:Godrej Consumer Products Limited Agro Tech Foods LimitedCorporate Social Responsibility Committee:Agro Tech Foods LimitedGodrej Consumer Products Limited Parag Milk Foods LimitedStakeholders’ Relationship Committee:Agro Tech Foods Limited RPG Life Sciences Limited Chairman:Nomination & Remuneration Committee:Godrej Consumer Products Limited
Names of DirectorOmkar GoswamiAman MehtaIreena VittalCategoryIndependent DirectorIndependent DirectorIndependent DirectorDIN000042580000936405195656Date of Birth and AgeAugust 29, 195662 yearsSeptember 1, 194672 yearsOctober 2, 196850 yearsQualificationD. Phil (Ph.D) in Economics, University of Oxford, 1982B.A (Hons) EconomicsMBA from IIM CalcuttaNature of Expertise/ ExperienceEconomist and Corporate Consultant; Finance: Corporate Governance; MacroeconomicsFinanceUnderstanding of Indian Consumers & winning business models in emerging markets, expertise in Indian Agriculture and Urban SpaceBrief ResumeAppended at end of this tableAppended at end of this tableAppended at end of this tableFirst Appointment on the BoardJune 18, 2008April 26, 2006April 30, 2013Terms & Conditions ofRe-appointment as an IndependentRe-appointment as an IndependentRe-appointment as an IndependentAppointment/ re-appointmentDirector for second termDirector for second termDirector for second termLast DrawnAs a Non-Executive IndependentAs a Non-Executive IndependentAs a Non-Executive IndependentRemunerationDirector, he is entitled to sittingDirector, he is entitled to sittingDirector, he is entitled to sittingDetails along withfees for attending meetings of thefees for attending meetings of thefees for attending meetings of theremuneration sought toBoard/Committee and CommissionBoard/Committee and CommissionBoard/Committee and Commissionbe paidon Profits as may be approved by the shareholders from time-totime within the limits set out in the Companies Act, 2013on Profits as may be approved by the shareholders from time-totime within the limits set out in the Companies Act, 2013on Profits as may be approved by the shareholders from time-totime within the limits set out in the Companies Act, 2013No. of shares held in GCPL as atMarch 31, 2019NilNilNilRelationship with other Directors/ Manager/ KMPNot relatedNot relatedNot relatedNo. of Board meetings attended out of 4 meetings held during the year344Directorship detailsListed Public Companies:Listed Public Companies:Listed Public Companies:Godrej Consumer Products LimitedGodrej Consumer Products LimitedGodrej Consumer Products LimitedDr. Reddy’s Laboratories LtdWockhardt LimitedTitan Company LimitedCG Power And Industrial SolutionsTata Consultancy Services LimitedThe Indian Hotels Company Limited
LimitedAmbuja Cements Limited Bajaj Finance LimitedHindustan Construction Company LimitedBajaj Auto LimitedPrivate Companies:CERG Advisory Private LimitedPublic Companies:Max Healthcare Institute LimitedCommittee Positions	Member:Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee:Ambuja Cements Limited- Bajaj Auto Ltd.Audit Committee:CG Power and Industrial Solutions Ltd.Bajaj Finance LimitedDr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd Bajaj Auto Ltd.Godrej Consumer Products Limited
Tata Steel LimitedMax Financial Services Limited Vedanta LimitedForeign Companies: Vedanta Resources Plc, UK PCCW Ltd, HongkongHKT Limited, Hong KongMember:Audit Committee: Wockhardt Limited Tata Steel LimitedMax Financial Services Limited Vedanta LimitedStakeholders’ Relationship Committee:Wockhardt LimitedNomination & Remuneration Committee:Godrej Consumer Products Limited Max Financial Services Limited
Wipro LimitedHousing Development Finance Corporation LimitedForeign Companies:Compass Plc., a FTSE 30 company Others (Section 8 Companies) Vidhi Centre for Legal PolicyFoundation To Educate Girls GloballyJal Seva Charitable FoundationMember:Audit Committee:Godrej Consumer Products Limited Titan Company LimitedWipro LimitedThe Indian Hotels Company LimitedHousing Development Finance Corporation LimitedStakeholders’ Relationship Committee:Wipro Limited
Names of Director	Omkar Goswami	Aman Mehta	Ireena Vittal
Nomination & Remuneration Committee:Godrej Consumer Products Limited Risk Management CommitteeCG Power and Industrial Solutions LtdChairman:Risk Management Committee:Godrej Consumer Products Limited
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee:Vedanta LimitedChairman:Audit Committee:Tata Consultancy Services Limited Godrej Consumer Products LimitedNomination & Remuneration Committee:Tata Consultancy Services Limited Vedanta LimitedCorporate Social Responsibility Committee:Max Financial Services Limited
Nomination & Remuneration Committee:Godrej Consumer Products LimitedChairperson:NIL
Names of Director	Nisaba Godrej	Vivek GambhirCategory	Whole-time Director	Executive DirectorDIN	00591503	06527810
Date of Birth and Age	February 12, 197841 yearsQualification	• BSC, Wharton School, Pennsylvania• MBA, Harvard Business School
November 27, 196850 years• MBA from the Harvard Business School• BS (Computer Science)• BA (Economics) from Lafayette College
Nature of Expertise/ Experience
Industrialist	General Management
Brief Resume	Appended at end of this table	Appended at end of this table
First Appointment on the BoardTerms & Conditions of Appointment / re- appointment
May 2, 2011	April 30, 2013Re-appointment for further period of three years	Appointment as MD & CEO for a period of 3 years from01.07.2019 to 30.09.2022 subject to retirement by rotation
Last Drawn Remuneration Details along withremuneration sought to be paid
Last drawn remuneration is given in the Corporate Governance Section of the Annual Report. The remuneration details for proposed appointment is given in the text of the resolution.
Last drawn remuneration is given in the Corporate Governance Section of the Annual Report. The remuneration details for proposed appointment is given in the text of the resolution.
No. of shares held in GCPL as at
3,70,083	2,15,115

March 31, 2019Relationship with other Directors/ Manager/ KMP
Daughter of Mr. Adi Godrej, Sister of Ms. Tanya Dubash and Mr. Pirojsha Godrej.
Not related
No. of Board meetings	4	4attended out of 4 meetings held during the year
Directorship details	Listed Public Companies:Godrej Consumer Products Limited Godrej Agrovet LimitedVIP Industries Limited (Appointed w.e.f April 1, 2019)Public Companies:Godrej Seeds & Genetics LimitedPrivate Companies:Innovia Multiventures Pvt LtdLLPs:Designated Partner in Anamudi Real Estates LLPPartnership Firms;Partner in RKN Enterprises
Listed Public Companies:Godrej Consumer Products LimitedMetropolis Healthcare Limited (Listed w.e.f April 15, 2019)Private Companies:Samast Technologies Private LimitedForeign Companies: Strength of Nature LLC. PT Megasari Makmur PT Ekamas SarijayaPT Sarico IndahPT Indomas Susemi Jaya PT Intrasari Raya
Names of Director	Nisaba Godrej	Vivek GambhirOther (Firm, LLP, Body Corporate, AOP, BOI)Harvard Business School Club of India Home Insect Control Association
Committee Positions	Member:Risk Management Committee:Godrej Consumer Products  Limited Corporate Social Responsibility Committee: Godrej Seeds & Genetics LimitedGodrej Consumer Products Limited Nomination & Remuneration Committee: Godrej Agrovet limitedChairperson:NIL
Member:Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee:Godrej Consumer Products LimitedAudit Committee:Metropolis Healthcare LimitedCorporate Social Responsibility Committee:Godrej Consumer Products LimitedRisk Management Committee:Godrej Consumer Products LimitedChairman:Nomination & Remuneration Committee:Metropolis Healthcare LimitedCorporate Social Responsibility Committee:Metropolis Healthcare Limited Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee: Metropolis Healthcare Limited
BRIEF RESUME OF THE DIRECTORS PROPOSED TO BE APPOINTED/RE- APPOINTED:Nadir GodrejNadir is a veteran of the Indian industry, Nadir has played an important role in developing the animal feed, agricultural input and chemicals businessesowned by Godrej. His active interest in research related to these areas hasresulted in several patents in the field of agricultural chemicals and surfactants.With his tremendous experience and expertise, Nadir has also  contributed to the development of a variety of industries by participating keenly in industry bodies such as the Compound Livestock Feed Manufacturers Association of India, Indian Chemical Manufacturers Association, and Oil Technologists’ Association of India.Currently, Nadir is the President of Alliance Française de Bombay. For his contribution to Indo-French relations, the French Government has honoured him with the awards of “Chevalierde l’Ordre National du Mérite” and “Chevalier de la Légion d’Honneur”.Jamshyd GodrejJamshyd Godrej is the Chairman of the CII Sohrabji Godrej Green Business
Centre. The Centre is housed in a LEED Platinum demonstration building which is the first green building in India and the greenest building in the world at the time when it was rated. The Green Business Centre is a Centre of Excellence for green buildings, energy efficiency, energy conservation, non- conventional energy sources, water policy, water conservation, etc.He is the Chairman of Godrej and Boyce Mfg. Co. Ltd. which manufacturesand markets refrigerators; washing machines; air conditioners; office furniture; home furniture; security equipment for banks (such as safes, strong room doors, bank lockers, etc.) and for commercial establishments and homes; locks and latches, forklift trucks and warehousing equipment; process equipment for chemical, petrochemical, refineries and allied industries; precision tools for sheet metal, zinc, aluminium; real estate development.The Godrej group are leaders in home appliances, consumer  durables, office equipment, industrial products, consumer products and services.Jamshyd Godrej is an ardent yachting enthusiast and has done extensive cruising along the west coast of India, the Baltic & North Sea, the Atlantic
Ocean and in the Mediterranean Sea. The President of India conferred on Jamshyd Godrej the “Padma Bhushan” on 3rd April 2003.Narendra AmbwaniNarendra Ambwani is a professionally trained executive coach and business advisor. He brings with him experience of over 34 years of work with renowned multi-national Johnson & Johnson. He was Managing  Director in Indonesia for 5 years followed by appointment as MD in India in 1995.He completed his corporate  career in April 2009. Narendra serves on boards of leading corporates in Indiaand acts as business strategy advisor. Narendra Ambwani had a career of 34 years with Johnson & Johnson, out of which 20 years as Managing Director in Indonesia and India. Currently,he serves on the boards of Godrej Consumer Products, Agro. Tech. Foods, RPG Life sciences, Parag Milk Foods, Disney UTV and Indian Society of Advertisers.He also mentors and guides CXO level leaders to successfully handle their multiple challenges. Narendra brings with him outstanding marketing and general management experience to the board.During his long stint with world renowned
multinational Johnson &Johnson ,he was responsible for developing strong leadership brands such as Johnson Baby, Stayfree and Band-Aid.Aman MehtaAman Mehta has over 35 years of experience in various positions  with the HSBC Group. He was the Manager, Corporate Planning at HSBC’s headquarters in Hong Kong.He was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of HSBC USA Inc., the New York-based arm of HSBC Holdings plc which oversaw HSBC group companies in the Americas, before being appointed as Deputy Chairman of HSBC Bank Middle East, based in Dubai with responsibility for the Group’s operations in the Middle East region.Aman was re-appointed General Manager International of the Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporationin February 1998, Executive Director International in May 1998 and Chief Executive Officer in January 1999. Aman also became Chairman of HSBC Bank Malaysia Berhad on January 1, 1999 and a Director of HSBC BankAustralia Limited.Omkar GoswamiOmkar Goswami is the Founder and Chairman of CERG Advisory Private Limited. CERG is the acronym for the Corporate and Economic Research Group. Its objectives are to use Indian as well as international resources to provide best in class:• Corporate advisory and consulting services for companies and industries in India & abroad.• Research and analytics on markets, industries and businesses.• Economic and policy analyses of different markets, regions, countries, industries, as well as trade, monetary, fiscal and exchangerate regimes.• 
Strategic profiling of countries, regions and international institutions for clients.• Research, surveys and analytical work for governments, companies, banks, investors, international multilateral institutions and NGOs.• International and national workshops, conferences and roundtables on focussed policy areas.Ireena VittalIreena Vittal is among India’s most respected consultant and advisor. She was a partner with McKinsey & Co. for 16 years where she served global companies on issues of growth and sustainable scale up. She hasco-authored several studies relating to agriculture and urbanization and served government and public institutions to design and implement solutions core to India’s development in the same areas of inclusive urban development and sustainable rural growth. Earlier, she worked with Nestle and MaxTouch. She serves on boards including IHCL, Titan, Godrej Consumer, HDFC and Wipro and non- profits such as VIdhi Legal, Wateraid, Educate Girls among others. She holds a B.Sc. in Electronics and a PGDM from IIM, Calcutta.Nisaba GodrejNisaba has been a key architect of GCPL’s strategy and transformation in the last decade. In 2007, she initiated and led Project Leapfrog, which created a playbook for GCPL to accelerate domestic organic growth through innovation and consolidation, and to become a more global company by investing in emerging markets outside of India. Over the last ten years, GCPL’s market capitalisation has increased twenty-fold - from ` 3,000 crore to` 60,000 crore. Under Nisaba’s leadership, GCPL has developed a very strong, engaged and ambitious team, and is consistently ranked as a great place to work. She has alsoinstitutionalised design driven thinking and directly leads product development.
Nisaba is passionate about identifying and developing the talent requiredfor the Godrej Group’s future growth. Through her oversight of the Group  HR function for Godrej Industries and associate companies, she has made Godrej a more meritocratic and highly performance driven organisation, while keeping the Group’s values front and center. She has also spearheadedthe Group’s Good & Green agenda to drive more inclusive and sustainable growth. Her previous assignments within the Godrej Group have included the successful turnaround of Godrej Agrovet and the creation of a Group strategy function to oversee the Group’s portfolio. In addition to GCPL,Nisaba is on the Board of Directors of Godrej Agrovet and Teach For India. She is passionate about girls’ education, the human mind, design, trekking and equestrian sports.Vivek GambhirVivek was the key architect of  GCPL’s 3 by 3 strategy and has been instrumental in driving the company’s efforts to become a leading emerging markets FMCG leader. He joined Godrej Industries in 2009 as ChiefStrategy Officer responsible for guiding overall Group strategy, conducting portfolio analysis and driving special projects. He helped define the CREATE portfolio approach and the 10X10 objective for the Group.Prior to joining the Godrej Group, Vivek was a partner at Bain & Company,one of the world’s leading business consulting firms. He worked with Bain in Boston, Singapore and New Delhi. He was a founding member of Bain’s consulting operations in India and led the firm’s FMCG practice in India.Vivek is an Independent Director on  the Boards of Metropolis Healthcare Limited and Samast Technologies Private Limited. He serves as President of the Harvard Business School club in India and is an advisor to the Kailash Satyarthi Children’s Foundation. Vivek also writes a weekly blog on leadership called ‘Monday-8AM’ (www.monday- 8am.com)




PROXY FORM(Pursuant to Section 105(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 19(3) of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014GODREJ CONSUMER PRODUCTS LIMITEDRegistered Office: Godrej One, 4th Floor, Pirojshanagar, Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli (E), Mumbai - 400079 CIN: L24246MH2000PLC12980619th Annual General Meeting (AGM) – August 1, 2019Name of the Member(s):Email:Registered Address:Folio No/Client ID:DP ID:No. of shares held:I/We being the holders of 	shares of the above named Company hereby appointNameEmailAddressOr failing himNameEmailAddressOr failing himNameEmailAddressas my/our proxy, whose signature is appended overleaf, to attend and vote (on a poll) for me/us on my/our behalf in respect of such resolutions as are indicated below, at the 19th AGM of the Company to be held on Thursday, August 1, 2019, at Godrej One, 1st Floor Auditorium, Pirojshanagar, Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli East, Mumbai - 400079.P.T.O.
Resolution No.VoteResolutionForAgainstAbstainOrdinary Business1.To receive, consider and adopt the audited financial statements (both standalone and consolidated) of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2019 and Report of the Board of Directors and Auditor’s Report thereon.2.To confirm the Interim Dividends paid during fiscal year 2018-19.3.To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Nadir Godrej (DIN: 00066195), who retires by rotation, and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.4.To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Jamshyd Godrej (DIN: 00076250) who retires by rotation, and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.Special Business5.Ratification of remuneration payable to M/s. P. M. Nanabhoy & Co., appointed as Cost Auditors of the Company for fiscal year 2019-20.6.To re-appoint Mr. Narendra Ambwani (DIN: 00236658) as an Independent Director of the Company for a second term from July 28, 2019 to November 14, 2023.7.To re-appoint Mr. Aman Mehta DIN: (00009364) as an Independent Director of the Company for a second term September 26, 2019 to August 31, 2021.8.To re-appoint Dr. Omkar Goswami (DIN: 00004258) as an Independent Director of the Company for a second term from September 26, 2019 to September 25, 2024.9.To re-appoint Ms. Ireena Vittal DIN: (05195656) as an Independent Director of the Company for a second term from September 26, 2019 to September 25, 2024.10.To re-appoint Ms. Nisaba Godrej (DIN: 00591503) as Whole-time Director for the period from July 1, 2019 to September 30, 2022.11.To re-appoint Mr. Vivek Gambhir (DIN: 06527810) as Managing Director & CEO July 1, 2019 to September 30, 2022.Signed this 	day of 	, 2019.Signature of the MemberSignature of First Proxy Holder	Signature of Second Proxy Holder	Signature of Third Proxy HolderNotes:1. This form, in order to be effective, should be duly stamped, signed, completed, and deposited at the Registered Office of the Company, not less than 48 hours before the meeting.2. It is optional to indicate your preference. If you leave the for, against, or abstain column blank against any or all resolutions, your proxy will be entitled to vote in the manner as he/she may deem appropriate.3. Members are requested to note that a person can act as proxy on behalf of not more than 50 members and holding in aggregate not more than 10 percent of the total share capital of the Company carrying voting rights. In case a proxy is proposed to be appointed by a member holding more than 10 per cent of the total share capital of the Company carrying voting rights, then such person shall not act as a proxy for any other member.
ATTENDANCE SLIPGODREJ CONSUMER PRODUCTS LIMITEDRegistered Office: Godrej One, 4th Floor, Pirojshanagar, Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli (East), Mumbai - 400079 CIN: L24246MH2000PLC12980619th Annual General Meeting (AGM) – August 1, 2019Registered Folio No./DP ID No./Client ID No.:  	No. of Shares held:  	I certify that I am a member/proxy for the member of the Company.I hereby record my presence at the 19th Annual General Meeting of the Company on Thursday, August 1, 2019, at 1.30 p.m. at Godrej One, 1st Floor Auditorium, Pirojshanagar, Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli East, Mumbai - 400079.	
Name of Member/Proxy (in block letters)
Signature of Member/Proxy
Note:1. Please fill up the attendance slip and hand it over at the entrance of the meeting hall. Members are requested to bring their copies of the Annual Report at the AGM.2. The map to reach the AGM venue is given overleaf.
VENUE OF THE AGMGodrej One1st Floor Auditorium PirojshanagarEastern Express Highway Vikhroli (E), Mumbai- 400 079.Note: The Company has arranged for a bus service to the venue from Vikhroli Railway Station (East).The bus will pick you up near the station auto rickshaw stand at 1.00 p.m. A drop back facility will also be available.

